NT 10-K
1
nt10k_25.htm
NT 10-K
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington,
D.C. 20549
FORM 12b-25
SEC FILE NUMBER
000-55769
NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING
CUSIP NUMBER
(Check one): Form 10-K x Form 20-F
o Form 11-K o Form 10-Q o
Form 10-D o Form N-SAR
o Form N-CSR o
For the Year Ended March 31, 2025
o Transition Report on Form 10-K
o Transition Report on Form 20-F
o Transition Report on Form 11-K
o Transition Report on Form 10-Q
o Transition Report on Form N-SAR
For the Transition Period Ended:
Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing
Form. Please Print or Type.
Nothing in this form shall be construed to
imply that the Commission has verified any information contained herein.
If the notification relates to a portion of
the filing checked above, identify the Item(s) to which the notification relates:
PART I — REGISTRANT INFORMATION
AIS Holdings Group, Inc.
Full Name of Registrant
Former Name if Applicable
2-18-23, Nishiwaseda Shinjuku-Ku, Tokyo, Japan
Address of Principal Executive Office
PART II — RULES 12b-25(b) AND (c)
If the subject report could not be filed without
unreasonable effort or expense and the registrant seeks relief pursuant to Rule 12b-25(b), the following should be completed.
(Check box if appropriate)
X
(a)
The reason described in reasonable detail in Part III of this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable effort or expense
(b)
The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition report on Form 10-K, Form 20-F, Form 11-K, Form N-SAR or Form N-CSR, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifteenth calendar day following the prescribed due date; or the subject quarterly report or transition report on Form 10-Q or subject distribution report on Form 10-D, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day following the prescribed due date; and
(c)
The accountant’s statement or other exhibit required by Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.
PART III — NARRATIVE
State below in reasonable detail why Forms
10-K, 20-F, 11-K, 10-Q, 10-D, N-SAR, N-CSR, or the transition report or portion thereof, could not be filed within the prescribed
time period.  (Attach extra Sheets if Needed)
Management of
AIS Holdings Group, Inc. (the "Company"), deems additional time is necessary in order to fully compile the necessary financial
information and adequately complete its financial statements required to prepare its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended March 31, 2025. Management deems it necessary that additional time be provided in order
to ensure that complete, thorough and accurate disclosure of all material information is made in its Annual
Report. Management anticipates the filing of its Annual Report within the extension period provided.
PART IV — OTHER INFORMATION
(1)
Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to this notification
Ryohei Uetaki
+81-3-6670-1692
(Name)
(Telephone Number)
(2)
Have all other periodic reports required under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s) been filed? If answer is no, identify report(s). Yes  X  No o
(3)
Is it anticipated that any significant change in results of operations from the corresponding period for the last fiscal year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be included in the subject report or portion thereof? Yes    o No X
If so, attach an explanation of the anticipated change, both narratively and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be made.
AIS Holdings Group, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as
Specified in Charter)
has caused this notification to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date:  June 30, 2025
By:
/s/ Ryohei Uetaki
CEO, CFO, and Director
INSTRUCTION: The form may be signed by an executive
officer of the registrant or by any other duly authorized representative. The name and title of the person signing the form shall
be typed or printed beneath the signature. If the statement is signed on behalf of the registrant by an authorized representative
(other than an executive officer), evidence of the representative’s authority to sign on behalf of the registrant shall be
filed with the form.
ATTENTION
Intentional misstatements or omissions of
fact constitute Federal Criminal Violations (See 18 U.S.C. 1001)