UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington,
D.C. 20549
FORM
10-K
(Mark
One)
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the transition period from __________ to __________.
Commission
file number 001-40017
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
Cayman Islands   N/A
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
40
West 57th Street, 29th Floor
New
York, New York 10019
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)
(212)
796-4796
(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:
Title of Each Class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Redeemable warrants   CPTKW   N/A
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐
No ☒
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Act:
Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒
If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☒
If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
As
of June 30, 2023, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $42,930,042
(based on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares of $10.23).
As
of September 11, 2025, 491,806 shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 6,900,000 shares of Class B
ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively.
Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K
TABLE
OF CONTENTS
Page
Part I
Item 1.
Business
1
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
25
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
68
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
68
Item 2.
Properties
68
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
68
Item 4.
Reserved
68
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
69
Item 6.
Reserved
70
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
70
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk
87
Item 8.
Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data
87
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements
With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
87
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
87
Item 9B.
Other Information
88
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
88
Part III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive
Officers And Corporate Governance
89
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
98
Item 12.
Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
98
Item 13.
Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
100
Item 14.
Principal Accounting
Fees and Services
102
Part IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules
103
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
105
i
CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute “forward-looking statements.” Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,”
“might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”
“should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about:
●our
ability to complete our initial business combination, including the Business Combination
Agreement (defined below);
●our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, such
as Mkango;
●our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
directors following our initial business combination;
●our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;
●our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
●our
pool of prospective target businesses;
●the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
opportunities;
●our
public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
●the
lack of a market for our securities;
●the
use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
the trust account balance;
●the
trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or
●our
financial performance.
The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading
“Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws.
ii
PART I
Item 1.
Business
Business
Crown
PropTech Acquisitions (“Crown,” “us,” “we” or the “Company”) is a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on September 24, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(a “business combination”). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a
business combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks
associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the year ended December 31, 2023
relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), and since closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of a business combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest
income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.
The
Company’s sponsors are Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC (“Crown PropTech Sponsor”), a Delaware limited liability company
and CIIG Management III LLC (“CIIG”), a Delaware limited liability company, (each, a “sponsor” and together,
the “sponsors”). The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 8, 2021.
On February 11, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (including 3,600,000 units purchased
by the underwriters pursuant to their over-allotment option) (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units that were offered, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $276,000,000,
and incurring offering costs of approximately $15,710,090, inclusive of $5,520,000 in underwriting commissions, approximately $9,660,000
in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6), and $530,090 of other offering costs. As discussed below, in December 2022, the underwriters
elected to waive their right to receive any deferred underwriting commissions.
Simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated a private placement (“Private Placement”) of
5,013,333 warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”) at
a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,520,000. The Private Placement Warrants were sold to
Crown PropTech Sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. (collectively, the “Anchor
Investor”). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering,
except that the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they
continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.
Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, $276,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“trust account”) and
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the initial business combination,
(b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company’s fifth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (c) the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares if the
Company is unable to complete the initial business combination by March 11, 2026 (or within any extended period of time that we may have
to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association), subject to applicable law. The Company obtained shareholders approval to extend the date by which we must consummate an
initial business combination from May 11, 2025 to March 11, 2026, and funds were released from the trust account to redeem certain Public
Shares in connection therewith. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public shareholders.
1
On
December 14, 2022, RBC Capital Markets, LLC (“RBC”), representative of the underwriters to our Initial Public Offering,
delivered a waiver letter to Crown waiving any entitlement to the payment of any deferred underwriting commissions (in an aggregate amount
of $9,660,000) in connection with its role as underwriter in the Initial Public Offering (the “Underwriter Waiver”). Such
deferred underwriting commissions were agreed between Crown and the underwriters in the underwriting agreement executed in connection
with our Initial Public Offering and was to be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event
that the Company completes an initial business combination. As a result of the Underwriter Waiver, the transaction fees that would have
been payable by Crown at the completion of an initial business combination were reduced by approximately $9.66 million.
On
January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement (the “Assignment Agreement”), by and among the
Crown PropTech Sponsor, CIIG and Richard Chera, whereby Crown PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred and assigned 5,662,000 Class B
ordinary shares of the Company and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Company to CIIG.
In connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement, CIIG (i) entered into a letter agreement with the Company and (ii) entered
into a joinder agreement to the registration rights agreement among Crown, Crown PropTech Sponsor and the Anchor Investor dated February 8,
2021 (“Registration Rights Agreement”) entered into in connection with the Company’s Initial Public Offering. As a
result of the above transactions, as of January 17, 2023, CIIG became co-sponsor with Crown PropTech Sponsor.
Beginning
on January 31, 2023, and continuing until the Company’s February 9, 2023 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders
(“Extraordinary General Meeting”), the Company and CIIG entered into certain non-redemption agreements and assignments of
economic interests (the “Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors (the “Non-Redeeming Investors”).
The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares
held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate
of 4,000,000 Public Shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer
to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 1,500,000 ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial business
combination.
On
February 9, 2023, the Company held its Extraordinary General Meeting to vote on the proposal to amend the Company’s first
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business
combination from February 11, 2023 (which is 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) to February 11, 2024
(the “2023 Extension Proposal”). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders approved the Extension Proposal.
In
connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 23,403,515 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. As
a result, $238,305,063.72 (approximately $10.18 per share) was deducted from the trust account to pay such holders. As of February 9,
2023, following the redemption of the Public Shares described above, approximately $42,730,488.52 remained in the trust account. Following
the redemptions, there were 4,196,485 Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding and the 6,900,000 Founder Shares (as defined
below) that remained outstanding represented 62.2% of the Company’s issued and outstanding ordinary shares.
2
On
February 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination
from February 11, 2024 to August 11, 2024 (the “February 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 2,195,847 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account (as defined below). As a result, $23,724,846 (approximately $10.80 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 2,000,638 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “February
2024 Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind
any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “February 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection
with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by
CIIG immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such February 2024 Non-Redeemed
Shares through the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
February 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of up to 464,414 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
held by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the February 9,
2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
On
August 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Third Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from August 11,
2024 to May 11, 2025 (the “August 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the August 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 1,487,025 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account (as defined below). As a result, $16,484,256 (approximately $11.09 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 513,613 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “August
2024 Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind
any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “August 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by
CIIG immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such August 2024 Non-Redeemed
Shares through the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
August 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of up to 115,287 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
held by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the August 9, 2024
Extraordinary General Meeting.
On
May 9, 2025, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Fourth Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from May
11, 2025 to March 11, 2026 (the “May 2025 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the May 2025 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 21,807 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account (as
defined below). As a result approximately, $0.25 million (approximately $11.47 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account to
redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 491,806 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
3
Associated
with the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “May 2025
Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind any redemption
requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the May
9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG immediately
following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares through the
May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
May 2025 Non-Redemption Agreements provided for the assignment of up 115,287 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, held
by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary
General Meeting.
Business
Combination Agreement
On
July 2, 2025, Crown PropTech Acquisitions, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“SPAC”),
(ii) Mkango (Cayman) Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly
owned Subsidiary of Lancaster (as defined below) (“Merger Sub”), (iii) Lancaster Exploration Limited, a company organized
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“Lancaster”, and from and after the Closing, “PubCo”), and a direct,
wholly owned subsidiary of Mkango Resources Ltd., a company organized under the laws of British Columbia, Canada (the “Selling
Shareholder”), (iv) Mkango Polska s.p. Z.o.o., a company organized under the laws of Poland and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Selling Shareholder (“MKA Poland”), (v) Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited, a company organized under the laws of England and
a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“Mkango ServiceCo”), and (vi) MKA Exploration Ltd., a company organized
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“MKA BVI”, and
together with Lancaster, MKA Poland and Mkango ServiceCo, the “Companies” and, each, a “Company”) entered into
a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall
have the meanings as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.
Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction by which, among other things,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into SPAC, with SPAC being the surviving entity of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary
of PubCo. Concurrently therewith, PubCo will become a publicly traded company, expected to operate under the name “Mkango Rare
Earths Limited,” and its ordinary shares are expected to trade on Nasdaq.
The
proposed Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the “Transactions”)
are expected to be consummated after the required approval by the shareholders of SPAC and the satisfaction of certain other conditions
summarized below.
Business
Combination Agreement
Share
Split and Conversion of Securities
Pursuant
to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, in connection with and immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, Lancaster
will effect a share split under which each ordinary share of Lancaster (“Lancaster Share”) that is issued and outstanding
will be split into a number of PubCo Ordinary Shares determined by multiplying such Lancaster Share by the Exchange Ratio.
Further,
each outstanding ordinary share of SPAC will be canceled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share, and each outstanding
SPAC warrant will become exercisable for one PubCo Ordinary Share on the same terms and conditions.
4
Registration
Statement
As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, the parties will prepare and file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a registration statement on Form F-4 (the “Registration Statement”), which
will include a prospectus with respect to PubCo’s securities to be issued in connection with the Business Combination Agreement
and a proxy statement to be distributed to SPAC’s public shareholders in connection with SPAC’s solicitation of proxies for
the vote by SPAC’s shareholders with respect to the proposed business combination and other matters to be described in the Registration
Statement.
Representations
and Warranties
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, in each case relating to, among other
things, their ability to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and their outstanding capitalization. The representations and
warranties will not survive the Closing, and the Business Combination Agreement does not provide for indemnification with respect to
any of the representations and warranties of the parties thereto.
Covenants
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants requiring (i) the parties
to conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course through the Closing Date, (ii) the parties not to solicit, initiate, submit,
facilitate, discuss or negotiate with third parties regarding alternative transactions and comply with certain related restrictions,
(iii) the parties to prepare, and PubCo to file, the Registration Statement with the SEC and (iv) SPAC and the Companies using commercially
reasonable efforts to execute financing agreements raising $25.75 million or more in aggregate gross proceeds prior to or at the Closing.
Governance
The
Business Combination Agreement provides that, immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of PubCo (i) will consist of
one (1) director designated in writing by SPAC, reasonably acceptable to Lancaster and qualifying as an independent director, and up
to six (6) other directors designated in writing by Lancaster, after consultation with SPAC, and (ii) will be divided into three (3)
classes of directors with staggered terms. The management team of PubCo immediately following the Closing will consist solely of Lancaster’s
current management team.
Closing;
Conditions to Closing
The
Closing will occur within three (3) Business Days following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions, or at such other
time or in such other manner as agreed upon by SPAC and the Companies in writing.
The
obligations of the parties to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following closing conditions:
(i) each of the SPAC Shareholders’ Approval, the Selling Shareholder’s Approval and the Merger Sub Shareholder’s Approval
shall have been obtained; (ii) the Registration Statement having become effective under the Securities Act; (iii) PubCo’s initial
listing application with Nasdaq will have been conditionally approved and, immediately following the Closing, PubCo will satisfy any
applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq; (iv) no governmental authority will have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced, or entered
any law or governmental order that makes the Closing illegal or otherwise prevents the Closing; (v) the gross amount of cash available
in SPAC’s trust account following redemptions of SPAC public shares, less certain transaction expense amounts and plus the aggregate
gross amount of Permitted Financing proceeds that have been (or will be) funded, will be not less than $5.0 million; (vi) certain corporate
actions, including a reorganization of the Companies, having been completed, and (vii) receipt of any required regulatory approvals (including
of the TSX Venture Exchange (“TSX-V”)), and (viii) other customary closing conditions set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement.
5
Termination
The
Business Combination Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time of the
Merger, as follows:
●by
mutual written consent of SPAC and Lancaster;
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if the Closing has not occurred by March 11, 2026 (and no material
breach of the Business Combination Agreement by the party seeking to terminate primarily
caused or resulted in the failure of the Transactions to be consummated by such time);
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if any governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced, or entered any governmental order which has become final and nonappealable and
has the effect of making consummation of the Transactions illegal or otherwise preventing
or prohibiting consummation of the Transactions;
●by
either the Lancaster or SPAC if the SPAC shareholders do not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Selling Shareholder does not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Companies fail to deliver either of the Technical Report Summary or Lancaster’s
2024 and 2023 audited financial statements on or before August 31, 2025;
●by
SPAC if: (i) any Company or any of their subsidiaries enters into bankruptcy, receivership,
administration, restructuring, corporate rescue or other similar proceedings or (ii) a liquidator,
administrator, restructuring officer, or similar person is appointed on behalf of a Company;
●by
either the Companies or SPAC upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant,
or agreement on the part of the other in the Business Combination Agreement or in any other
agreements relating to the Transactions and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days
following receipt of a written notice of such breach; or
●by
written notice from Lancaster to SPAC if the closing of a convertible note transaction between
Lancaster and CIIG Management III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an existing
sponsor of SPAC (“CIIG III”), which is conditioned on the public filing of the
Registration Statement, is not consummated in accordance with the terms of the convertible
note.
If
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated, the Business Combination Agreement will become void and have no effect, without any
liability on the part of any party thereto or its respective affiliates, officers, directors, or shareholders, other than liability of
the Companies or SPAC, as the case may be, for fraud or for any willful and material breach of the Business Combination Agreement occurring
prior to such termination.
Shareholder
Support Agreement
Concurrently
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, the Selling Shareholder, SPAC, and the Companies entered into
a Shareholder Support Agreement (the “Shareholder Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Selling Shareholder agreed to, among other things:
a)vote
all shares in the Companies held directly or indirectly by the Selling Shareholder in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions, and any related actions, and against
any other transaction or proposal intended, or that would reasonably be expected, to prevent,
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect the Transactions in any material
respect or result in the failure to satisfy any closing condition set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement;
b)take
all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions; and
c)not
transfer any shares in any Company held directly or indirectly by the Selling Shareholder,
subject to certain exceptions.
6
The
Selling Shareholder also agreed not to commence, join in, facilitate, assist, or encourage any claim against SPAC, Merger Sub, PubCo,
the Companies, or any of their respective successors or directors challenging the validity of, or seeking to enjoin the operation of,
any provision of the Shareholder Support Agreement or alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty in connection with the evaluation, negotiation,
or entry into the Business Combination Agreement or any other agreement in connection with the Transactions.
This
Shareholder Support Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Expiration Time (as defined in the Shareholder Support
Agreement) and (b) the mutual written agreement of SPAC, the Companies, and the Selling Shareholder.
Sponsor
Support Agreement
CIIG
III, the Companies, SPAC, and certain investors in SPAC named therein have executed a Sponsor Support Agreement (the “Sponsor Support
Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, CIIG III and certain
other investors in SPAC have agreed to:
a)vote
all of their shares of SPAC’s Founder Shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement,
the Transactions, and any related actions, and against any other transaction or proposal
that would reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, materially delay, postpone
or adversely affect the Transactions in any material respect or result in the failure to
satisfy any closing conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement;
b)take
all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions, and
c)not
transfer or redeem any shares of SPAC’s Founder Shares or SPAC warrants held by them
prior to Closing, subject to certain exceptions.
CIIG
III also agreed to waive certain rights under SPAC’s organizational documents related to the adjustment of the Initial Conversion
Ratio (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement) in connection with the Transactions. Additionally, CIIG III committed to not demand
redemption of its Founder Shares or commence any claims against SPAC or the Companies related to the negotiation or execution of the
Business Combination Agreement.
A
portion of the PubCo Ordinary Shares issued to CIIG III with respect to the SPAC Founder Shares held by CIIG III may be placed into escrow
at Closing based on the amount of Available Gross SPAC Cash (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). Such shares are subject
to release upon achieving certain share price thresholds during the Sponsor Earnout Period (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement).
In the event of a change of control during the Sponsor Earnout Period, the vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied, and any remaining
CIIG III escrow shares will be released.
This
Sponsor Support Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of the valid termination of the Business Combination Agreement
or mutual written agreement of the parties, provided that such termination does not relieve liability for pre-termination breaches.
7
Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement
In
connection and concurrently with the Closing, PubCo, CIIG III, Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC (together with CIIG III, the “Sponsors”),
SPAC, and certain shareholders of the SPAC and the Company (such SPAC and Company shareholders, together with the Sponsors, the “Holders”)
will enter into a Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Business Combination
Agreement (the “Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up
Agreement, PubCo will grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to their securities.
Effective
upon the Closing, PubCo will file a registration statement with the SEC within 15 business days to register the resale of all Holders’
Registrable Securities on a continuous basis and will use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
as soon as reasonably practicable. Holders will also be entitled to customary demand and piggyback registration rights, subject to certain
limitations.
The
Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement also imposes transfer restrictions on 80% of each Holder’s securities (the “Lock-Up
Shares”) during the Lock-Up Period (as defined below), subject to certain adjustments. The “Lock-Up Period” is defined
as the following:
Sponsors
and SPAC shareholders:
●33%
released three months after the Closing Date.
●33%
released six months after the Closing Date.
●34%
released nine months after the Closing Date.
Company
shareholders:
●33%
released twelve months after the Closing Date.
●33%
released eighteen months after the Closing Date.
●34%
released twenty-four months after the Closing Date.
Exceptions
to the lock-up include transfers to immediate family members, affiliates, or entities controlled by the Holder, among other specified
permitted transferees (provided these transferees agree to be bound by the same lock-up restrictions).
Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement
In
connection and concurrently with the Closing, PubCo, SPAC, and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the “Warrant Agent”)
will enter into an assignment, assumption and amendment agreement to the existing warrant agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between
SPAC and Warrant Agent to provide holders of the SPAC’s warrants with warrants to purchase Pubco ordinary shares.
8
Initial
Business Combination
So
long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses
that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement
in connection with our initial business combination. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or
experienced with the target company’s business or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target
company’s assets or prospects. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial
business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) or a valuation or appraisal firm
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the
target business meets the 80% of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a
target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders.
However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with
a proposed transaction will include such opinion.
We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our holders of the Public
Shares (“Public Shareholders”) own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business
or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less
than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns
or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial
business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for
all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders, immediately prior
to our initial business combination, could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value
of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of
a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsors.
We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors,
or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsors, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of
FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Members
of our management team and our independent directors will directly or indirectly own Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Warrants
following this offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of
interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
9
Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our fifth amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director
or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in
being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director
or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of
our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
In
addition, our sponsors, Anchor Investor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies
similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination.
However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Corporate
Information
Our
executive offices are located at 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10019 and our telephone number is (212)
796-4796. Our corporate website address is www.crownproptech.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed
through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report.
Emerging
Growth Company
We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging
growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares
that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have
issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging
growth company” will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.
Additionally,
we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed $250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our
annual revenues did not exceed $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held
by non-affiliates did not exceed $700 million as of the prior June 30.
10
Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination
General
We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities for
the initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination
(pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to a bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would
subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.
If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Public Shares,
we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including
the maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
Although
our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this
assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside
of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.
On
July 2, 2025 we entered into the Business Combination Agreement. For more information on the Business Combination Agreement, please see
the Business Combination Agreement above.
We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of equity or debt securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could
acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and, as a result, if the
cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions
by Public Shareholders, we may be required to obtain additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, we will complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial
business combination. Our proxy materials, disclosing the initial business combination, will disclose the terms of the financing and,
only if required by law, will we seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through
the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the
Initial Public offering. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or shareholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination.
11
Sources
of Target Businesses
Target
business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment
funds. Target businesses may continue to be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us
through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and
directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through
their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or
conventions. In addition, we may receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available
to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not anticipate engaging the
services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these
firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be
determined in an arm’s-length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our
management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders
approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of a finder’s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds
held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsors or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which
they are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). On February 8, 2021, we agreed to pay Crown PropTech Sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to $15,000 per month for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team (the “Administrative
Support Payments”). Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and between the Company and Crown PropTech
Sponsor, Crown PropTech Sponsor is no longer entitled to receive any Administrative Support Payments and the Company is no longer required
to pay any such payments. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not paid any Administrative Support Payments and do not expect
to incur any related expenses in the near future. In the event we enter into another agreement for similar services, any such payments
prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will
be no finder’s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us
to our sponsors, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsors or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsors,
officers or directors, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our
sponsors, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target
that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.
Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination
In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.
The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or
in connection with our initial business combination.
12
Lack
of Business Diversification
For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may:
●subject
us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
initial business combination; and
●cause
us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
or services.
Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team
Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business.
We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination.
Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.
Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination
We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.
Under
the Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example:
●we
issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of our ordinary
shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering);
●any
of our directors, officers or substantial shareholder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has
a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly
or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or in the consideration to
be paid in the transaction and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could
result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5% or
more; or
●the
issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
of control.
13
The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety
of factors, including, but not limited to:
●the
timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would
require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval
or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other
additional burdens on the company;
●the
expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;
●the
risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;
●other
time and budget constraints of the company; and
●additional
legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome
to present to shareholders.
Other
Transactions with Respect to Our Securities
At
any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws, our sponsors, directors, executive officers,
advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with institutional or other investors to provide them with incentives to vote
their Public Shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their Public Shares. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
The
purpose of any such transaction would be to (i) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination,
(ii) incentivize voting such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial
business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met.
Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination
We
will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, subject to
the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of the completion of the initial public offering was $10.00 per
Public Share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by any deferred
underwriting commission. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to
validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to
our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our Public Shares, even if a Public Shareholder has properly elected to redeem
its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsors and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
14
Limitations
on Redemptions
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny
stock” rules). However, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners; (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.
Manner
of Conducting Redemptions
We
will provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or
(ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer
rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares or seek to amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. So
long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq’s shareholder
approval rules.
The
requirement that we provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed
above is contained in provisions of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not
we maintain our registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”) or our listing on
Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon, so long
as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment.
If
we provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with a general meeting, we will,
pursuant to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:
●conduct
the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules; and
●file
proxy materials with the SEC.
In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our Public Shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.
15
If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the  shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote
at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our sponsors, officers and directors (collectively, along with their permitted
transferees, the “Initial Shareholders”) will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Initial
Shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, private placement shares and any Public Shares in favor
of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination,
our Initial Shareholders will own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. For purposes of
seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a
quorum is obtained. As a result, our Initial Shareholders’ Founder Shares, would fulfill the majority vote needed to have our initial
business combination approved. These quorum and voting thresholds, the voting agreement of our sponsors, officers and directors may make
it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
without voting, and if they do vote, may redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
or whether they were a Public Shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.
If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will:
●conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which
regulate issuer tender offers, and
●file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.
In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on Public Shareholders not tendering
more than the number of Public Shares we are permitted to redeem. If Public Shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.
Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
or our sponsors will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares
in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.
We
intend to require our Public Shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent
or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a Public Shareholder seeking redemption
of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled
vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are
requiring Public Shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently
process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming Public Shareholders, which could delay
redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue
to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by Public Shareholders who elected to redeem
their shares.
16
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose
a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event that the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption, plus any
amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination, exceeds the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked
securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the Initial Public Offering, in order
to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.
Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval
If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a
Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as “Excess Shares,”
without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent
attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means
to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a Public Shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering
could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsors or our management
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem no
more than 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a
small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in
connection with a business combination having a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash.
However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination.
Delivering
Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights
Public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,”
will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the initial business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a Public Shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to
approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to
use electronic delivery of their Public Shares.
17
There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.
The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders’ vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder would
then have an “option window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price
of the company’s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in
the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to
which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past
the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic
delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination
is approved.
Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled
vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a Public Share
delivers its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not
to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our Public Shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.
If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our Public Shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.
If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until March 11, 2026.
Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination
At
the Extraordinary General Meeting, held on May 9, 2025, shareholders approved the Extension Proposal to amend the Company’s Fourth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business
combination from May 11, 2025 to March 11, 2026.
18
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have only until March 11, 2026 to consummate an initial
business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by March 11, 2026, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by March 11, 2026. Our fifth amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.
Our
sponsors and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination by March 11, 2026 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame).
Our
sponsors, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our Public Shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account but net of
taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares. However, we may not redeem our Public Shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny
stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of Public Shares such that we
cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our Public Shares
at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsors,
any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person.
All
costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the funds held outside the trust account plus up to $100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay
dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our Public Shareholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than $10.00.
19
While
we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’
claims.
Although
we have sought and continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our Public Shareholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against
our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. Seeking such waivers from third parties, including prospective business combination
targets, may deter such parties from entering into agreements with us. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such
claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not
seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, Crown PropTech Sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us
(other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per
Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax
obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Crown PropTech Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked Crown PropTech Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether Crown PropTech Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that
Crown PropTech Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that Crown PropTech Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including,
without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual
amount per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per Public
Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our
income tax obligations, and Crown PropTech Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has
no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against Crown PropTech Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would
take legal action on our behalf against Crown PropTech Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that
our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot
assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per Public
Share.
20
We
will seek to reduce the possibility that Crown PropTech Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Crown PropTech Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event
that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received
funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount
of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder.
If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per Public Share to our Public Shareholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover some, or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying Public Shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.
Our
Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our Public
Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective
shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the
trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial
business combination by March 11, 2026, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will
a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result
in a shareholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have
also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.
21
Comparison
of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business
Combination.
The
following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of Public Shares that may take place in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination and if we have not consummated an initial business combination by March 11, 2026:
Redemptions
in Connection with
Our Initial Business Combination
Other
Permitted Purchases of
Public Shares by Our Affiliates
Redemptions
if We Fail to
Complete an Initial Business
Combination
Calculation
of redemption price
Redemptions
at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote.
The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder
vote. In either case, our Public Shareholders may redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which
is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions
will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and any limitations (including,
but not limited, to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.
If we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Anchor Investor, Initial Shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase Public Shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsors, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions; they will not make any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to
the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.
If we
have not consummated an initial business combination by March 11, 2026, we will redeem all Public Shares at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share),
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us (less taxes payable and up to
$100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.
22
Redemptions
in Connection with
Our Initial Business Combination
Other
Permitted Purchases of
Public Shares by Our Affiliates
Redemptions
if We Fail to
Complete an Initial Business
Combination
Impact
to remaining shareholders
The redemptions
in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will
bear the burden of the taxes payable.
If the
permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would
not be paid by us.
The redemption
of our Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares
held by our sponsors, who will be our only remaining shareholders after such redemptions.
Competition
In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.
Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the
resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.
Facilities
We
currently maintain our executive offices at 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10019. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations.
Employees
We
currently have one executive officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but he
intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the
completion of our initial business combination.
Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information
We
have registered our units and Class A ordinary shares under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.
We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements
will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”)
or International Financial Reporting Standards, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”).
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination
with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular
target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance
with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material.
23
We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
We
have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination.
We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received
a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As
Amended) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands
imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no
tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable
(i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of
a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other
sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.
We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile.
In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.
We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion, or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by
non-affiliates equal or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
$1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
24
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
Our
business, financial condition, financial results, and future growth prospects are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including
those set forth below. The occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
financial results, and future growth prospects. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we do not
currently believe to be material may also negatively affect our business, financial condition, financial results, and future growth prospects.
Summary
Risk Factors
The
following is a summary of the more significant risks relating to the Company.
Risks
Related to Our Business
●We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.
●Our
Public Shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares will participate in
such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our Public Shareholders do not support such a combination.
●Your
only opportunity to affect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination
may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
●If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders
and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our Public Shareholders vote.
●We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the time period prescribed in our Articles, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and
we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public Shareholders may receive only $11.61 per share (based on the
Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025), or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
●Our
search for an initial business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately
consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected by any negative
impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or
any other geopolitical tensions.
●You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
●We
cannot assure you that our diligence review has identified all material risks associated
with the announced Business Combination Agreement, and you may be less protected as an investor
from any material issues with respect to the acquired business.
●If
the announced Business Combination Agreement is consummated you will experience dilution
due to the issuance of new shares of common stock and securities convertible into common
stock to the existing stockholders of the acquired business as consideration.
Risks
Related to Our Securities
●NYSE
has delisted our securities from trading on its exchange, which limits investors’ ability
to make transactions in our securities and subjects us to additional trading restrictions.
●You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
companies.
25
●If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsors or management team to fund our
search and to complete our initial business combination.
Risks
Related to Our Trust Account
●If
third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per
share.
●Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of Crown PropTech Sponsor,
resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our Public Shareholders.
●We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers.
Risks
Related to Our Operations
●If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required
to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
●Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations.
Risks
Related to Our Corporate Structure
●We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business
combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors.
●Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be permitted to exercise their warrants unless we
register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are
available.
Risks
Related to Our Search for a Business Combination
●We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside
of our management’s areas of expertise.
●We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in
adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.
●Since
our sponsors, Anchor Investor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in
us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial
business combination.
●The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies.
Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may
determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time
needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under
which we could complete a business combination.
26
Risks
Related to Our Organizational Documents and Structure
●In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies
have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek
to amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
combination that our shareholders may not support.
Risks
Related to Our Warrants
●Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could
limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with
our company.
General
Risks
●We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the
Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our
securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance
with other public companies.
●Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it
more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.
●We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This
material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of
operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner.
Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries
●If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us.
Risks
Related to Our Business
We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective.
We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with operations limited to pursuing and reviewing potential
opportunities for the initial business combination since the Initial Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have
no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail
to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.
Our
Public Shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our Founder Shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our Public Shareholders do not support such a combination.
We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our Founder
Shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of
a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.
27
Your
only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash.
At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete such business combination without seeking shareholder approval, and then
Public Shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote.
Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising
your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents
mailed to our Public Shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.
If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote.
Our
Initial Shareholders own 93.3% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares since the completion of Initial Public Offering. Our Initial
Shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination.
Our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business
combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the
Founder Shares. As a result, our Initial Shareholders’ Founder Shares, would fulfill the majority vote needed to have our initial
business combination approved.
The
ability of our Public Shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.
We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to
be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention
of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many Public Shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business
combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets, to be less than
$5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption of our Public Shares and the related business combination, and we may instead
search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into
a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares
held by non-redeeming shareholders will not reflect an obligation to pay deferred underwriting commissions, which have been waived by
the underwriters.
28
The
ability of our Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.
At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust
account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision
of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions, which have been waived. The above
considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
The
ability of our Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.
If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption
rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.
The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the time period prescribed in our Articles may give potential target
businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on
potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.
Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within the time period prescribed in our Articles. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage
over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that
particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into
our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.
29
We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the time period prescribed in our Articles, in which case we would
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public
Shareholders may receive only $11.61 per share (based on the Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025), or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.
We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets
and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious
diseases. Additionally, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases may negatively impact businesses
we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest income to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public
Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In such case, our Public Shareholders may receive
only $11.61 per share (based on the Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025), or less than $10.00 per share, on the redemption of
their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See “—If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the
trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $11.61 per share (based
on the Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025)” and other risk factors herein.
If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.
We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption.
For example, we intend to require our Public Shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer
agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote,
we intend to require a Public Shareholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to
our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials,
as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed.
30
You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
Our
Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption
of our Public Shares if we have not completed an initial business combination by March 11, 2026, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein. In no other circumstances will a Public Shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders
of warrants will not have any right to the funds held in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.
Risks
Related to Our Securities
NYSE
delisted our securities from trading on its exchange, which limits investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and
subject us to additional trading restrictions.
On
April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) indicating that the Company is
not in compliance with Section 802.01E of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Form 10-K”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from April 17, 2023 to file the Form 10-K with the
SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-K.
On
May 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-K with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
May 23, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from May 22, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q.
On
June 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
November 21, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from November 20, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q. If
the Company fails to file the Form 10-Q before the NYSE’s compliance deadline, the NYSE may grant, at its sole discretion, an extension
of up to six additional months for the Company to regain compliance, depending on the specific circumstances. The notice from the NYSE
also notes that the NYSE may nevertheless commence delisting proceedings at any time if it deems that the circumstances warrant.
On
February 12, 2024, the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) determined that the Company was not in compliance with Section
802.01B and 102.06e of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the “LCM”) because the Company failed to consummate a Business Combination
within the shorter of (i) the time period specified by its constitutive documents or by contract or (ii) three years. As such, the NYSE
had determined to commence proceedings to delist from the NYSE the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Units.
Trading
of the Company’s securities was suspended on February 12, 2024. The NYSE applied to the SEC to delist the Company’s securities
upon completion of all applicable procedures. The Company did not appeal the staff’s determination and, accordingly, the Company’s
securities were delisted from the NYSE.
31
Since
our securities were delisted, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:
●a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
●reduced
liquidity for our securities;
●a
determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a “penny stock” as defined
in applicable SEC rules which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary
shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading
activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;
●a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and
●a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Since we are no longer listed on the NYSE, our
securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we
offer our securities.
You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.
Since
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an
initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company
under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 and have filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the
SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or
protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of
time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we are subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds
in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.
If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will
lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares.
If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a
Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer
to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your
influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us
if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the
Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.
32
Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may receive
only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless.
We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the
acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their
shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target
companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Affiliates
of Crown Acquisitions Inc. have similar or overlapping investment objectives and guidelines, and we may not be presented investment
opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us.
Affiliates
of Crown Acquisitions Inc. currently invest and plan to continue to invest in, incubate, and grow successful businesses in sectors
across real estate. There may be overlap of investment opportunities with affiliates of Crown Acquisitions Inc. that are actively
investing and similar overlap with future Crown Acquisitions Inc. affiliates. This overlap could create conflicts of interest. In
particular, investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us may not be presented to us by our sponsors. This overlap could
also create conflicts in determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not
be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.
Certain
members of our management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other Crown Acquisitions Inc.
entities, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf.
Certain
members of our management team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to Crown Acquisitions Inc.
and its other affiliates. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to
various other Crown Acquisitions Inc. entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities
provided to such entities and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have
investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest
in the performance of such other Crown Acquisitions Inc. entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of
interest in sourcing investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities.
33
We
may re-engage one or more of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering or their affiliates to provide additional services to us,
including to act as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination and/or as placement agent in connection with
a related financing transaction. The underwriters of our Initial Public Offering have elected to waive their right to receive deferred
commissions and have disclaimed any responsibility for any future registration statement filed in connection with an initial business
combination. These events may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us, including, for example, in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination.
We
may re-engage one or more of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering or their affiliates to provide additional services to us,
including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private
offering or arranging debt financing. We will pay the underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation
that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation. In December 2022, the underwriters of our Initial Public
Offering elected to waive their right to receive deferred commissions and have disclaimed any responsibility for any future registration
statement filed in connection with an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their affiliates’ financial
interests have been waived and responsibility disclaimed may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional
services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination.
If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsors or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business
combination.
We
believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until March
11, 2026; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to
borrow funds from our sponsors, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsors,
members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any
such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other
than our sponsors or an affiliate of our sponsors as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a
waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our Public Shareholders may only receive an estimated $11.61 per share (based on the Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025), or
possibly less, on our redemption of our Public Shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
34
Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.
Even
if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material
issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary
amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result
of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks
may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these
charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net
worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or
warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
Risks
Related to Our Trust Account
The
underwriters were to be compensated in connection with the completion of an initial business combination but have instead waived such
compensation and disclaimed any responsibility for any future registration statement filed in connection with an initial business combination.
RBC
Capital Markets, LLC (“RBC”), representative of the underwriters to our Initial Public Offering, delivered a waiver letter
to Crown on December 14, 2022 waiving any entitlement to the payment of any deferred underwriting commissions (in an aggregate amount
of $9,660,000) in connection with its role as underwriter in the Initial Public Offering. RBC informed us that they are not responsible
for any portion of any future registration statement filed in connection with our initial business combination. Such deferred underwriting
commissions were agreed between Crown and the underwriters in the underwriting agreement executed in connection with our Initial Public
Offering and was to be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that the Company completes
an initial business combination.
As
a result of the Underwriter Waiver, the transactions fees that would have been payable by Crown at the completion of the initial business
combination were reduced by approximately $9.66 million. The underwriting services being provided by the underwriters in connection
with the Initial Public Offering, prior to the Underwriter Waiver, were substantially complete, with any fees payable to the underwriters
for such services contingent upon the completion of the initial business combination.
We
believe that the Underwriter Waiver of fees for services that have already been substantially rendered or that were contingent upon the
occurrence of an event that applicable persons expect will occur, is unusual. While RBC did not provide any additional detail in their
Underwriter Waiver letter, stockholders should be aware that such Underwriter Waiver indicates that the underwriters disclaim any responsibility
for any future registration statement filed in connection with an initial business combination. None of the underwriters discussed the
reasons for their forfeiture of fees with management, and Crown did not seek out the reasons why upon receipt of the waiver letter, despite
the underwriters having already completed a substantial portion of their services. Crown will not speculate about the reasons why the
underwriters forfeited fees after performing substantially all the work to earn such fees. Accordingly, stockholders should not place
any reliance on the fact that the underwriters were previously engaged by Crown to serve as an underwriter in Crown’s Initial Public
Offering and should not assume that the underwriters are involved in any future transaction.
35
If
third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than $11.61 per share (based on the Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025).
Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our Public Shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us
and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be
in the best interests of the company under the circumstances.
Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our Public Shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by Public Shareholders could be less than the $11.61 per Public Share initially held in the trust account (based on the
Trust Account balance as of August 28, 2025), due to claims of such creditors. Crown PropTech Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than CBIZ CPAs P.C., our independent registered public accounting firm)
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked Crown PropTech Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether Crown PropTech Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that
Crown PropTech Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that Crown PropTech Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds
available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per Public Share. In such event,
we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with
any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.
36
Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of Crown PropTech Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders.
In
the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount
per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and Crown PropTech Sponsor asserts that it is unable to
satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine whether to take legal action against Crown PropTech Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Crown PropTech Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account
available for distribution to our Public Shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.
We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers.
We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we
have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in
direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of
interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest
rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it
may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination
or make certain amendments to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our Public Shareholders are entitled
to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned thereon (less taxes payable
and up to $100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held
in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share.
37
If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.
If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent
conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying Public Shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors.
If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced.
If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our Public Shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.
Risks
Related to Our Operations
If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:
●restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and
●restrictions
on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our
initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements,
including:
●registration
as an investment company;
●adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and
●reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor.
38
We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company”
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. An investment in us is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial
business combination by March 11, 2026 our return of the funds held in the trust account to our Public Shareholders as part of our redemption
of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act.
If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that
are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.
Changes
to laws or regulations or in how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations,
interpretations or applications, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination.
We
are subject to the laws and regulations, and interpretations and applications of such laws and regulations, of national, regional, state
and local governments and, potentially, non-U.S. jurisdictions. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and potentially
other legal and regulatory requirements, and our consummation of an initial business combination may be contingent upon our ability to
comply with certain laws, regulations, interpretations and applications and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional
laws, regulations, interpretations and applications. Compliance with, and monitoring of, the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.
A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. The SEC has, in the past year, adopted certain rules
and may, in the future adopt other rules, which may have a material effect on our activities and on our ability to consummate an initial
business combination, including the SPAC Rule Proposals described below.
If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, our Public Shareholders may be forced to
wait beyond the prescribed timeframe before redemption from our trust account.
If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by March 11, 2026, the funds then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses),
will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of Public Shareholders from the
trust account will be effected automatically by function of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior
to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata,
to our Public Shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as amended (the “Companies Act”). In that case, investors may be forced
to wait beyond the prescribed timeframe before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to
the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases
where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will Public Shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.
39
Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares.
If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims by paying Public Shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine
of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.
Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects.
The
funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest
bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance
limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the
banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally,
or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on
March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee
that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues.
In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with an initial
business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results
of operations, and our prospects.
40
Risks
Related to Our Corporate Structure
We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity
for our shareholders to appoint directors.
In
accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act
for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting of stockholders
to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 302
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which requires an annual meeting. Until we hold an annual general meeting, Public Shareholders may
not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our
Public Shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business
combination.
Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be permitted to exercise their warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A
ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available.
If
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise
such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of
a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units.
We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file
a registration statement with the SEC covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60
business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of
the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent
a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or
incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order.
If
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms
of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead,
will be required to do so on a cashless basis, in which case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants
will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).
In
no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available.
If
our Class A ordinary shares, are at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our
option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a
cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state
securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
41
In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above)
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws.
Our
ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or
if there is no effective registration statement covering the issuance of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these
warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received
had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash.
If
we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants
to do so on a cashless basis in certain circumstances. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by
a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the
holder is exercising 875 public warrants at $11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a
fair market value of $17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder
will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price
was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder’s investment in our company because
the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold.
The
grant of registration rights to our Initial Shareholders and holders of our Private Placement Warrants may make it more difficult to
complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares.
Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the Initial Public Offering, our Initial Shareholders can demand that we register the
Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that
we register such Units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the
cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the
public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration
rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target
business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our Initial Shareholders,
holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.
42
Risks
Related to Our Search for a Business Combination
Past
performance by our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which
they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company.
Any
past experience and performance by our management team and its affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is
not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully complete our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive
returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely
on the historical experiences of our management team or its affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated
and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative
of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous
factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities.
We
rely on the experience and skills of our management team to identify future trends in the industries in which we will consummate our
initial business combination and to take advantage of these trends, but there is no guarantee that they will be able to do so to the
extent we expect or at all.
The
process of predicting trends, especially in industries developing as fast as the technology-driven real estate industry, is complex and
uncertain. While we concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses that provide technological innovation to the real estate ecosystem,
our anticipated industry trends may not materialize to the extent we expect or at all. In addition, after our initial business combination,
we may commit significant resources in anticipation of certain expected industry trends before realizing whether our investments will
result in profitable returns. Furthermore, we may not successfully execute our vision because of, among other things, errors in planning
or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion or a lack of appropriate resources. If we are unable to identify
and take advantage of future trends in our target industries to the extent we expect or at all, our ability to complete our initial business
combination may become limited and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.
Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination.
The
market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and
our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future.
The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify
its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or
accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.
In
addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our
directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims
(“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.
43
We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise.
We
may consider a business combination outside of our management’s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in us will not ultimately prove
to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we
elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Form regarding the areas of our
management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management
may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain
shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.
Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines.
Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial
business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to Public Shareholders (which may be $10.00 per share or less in certain circumstances), and our warrants will expire
worthless.
We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a
financial point of view.
Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price
we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying
on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial
community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination.
44
We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares (including pursuant to an agreement with our Anchor Investor) or preferred shares to
complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We
may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time
of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the
interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par
value $0.0001 per share. As of August 28, 2025, there were 199,508,194 and 13,100,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares
and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants, or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary
shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of
our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our fifth amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. As of August 28, 2025, there were no preferred shares issued
and outstanding.
We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. For example, we granted our Anchor Investor
the option, but not the obligation, to purchase up to 30% of our Class A ordinary shares, for a purchase price of $10.00 per Class A
ordinary share, in any financing transaction we may conduct in connection with our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A
ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our fifth amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
These provisions of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our fifth amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred
shares:
●may
significantly dilute the equity interest of our shareholders;
●may
subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are
issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;
●could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
and
●may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or
warrants.
Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our Initial Shareholders will receive additional Class A
ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination.
The
Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation
of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and other similar transactions, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number
of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares
by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any
Private Placement Warrants issued to our sponsors, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such
conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.
45
Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless.
The
investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents
and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants
and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed
transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail
to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result
in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may only receive their
pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will
expire worthless.
We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors.
If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A
ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse United States federal income tax consequences and may be subject
to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify
for the PFIC. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and
there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to
our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year,
moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year
(of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”)
may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified
electing fund” election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election
would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
possible application of the PFIC rules.
We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders.
We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it
is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject
to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.
46
After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws
or their other legal rights.
It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws.
We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.
Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect
on us.
Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business
combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping
them become familiar with such requirements.
Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.
Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law.
47
We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their
shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the
reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able
to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.
We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings.
To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business.
The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The
role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place.
Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination.
Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other
business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific
number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our
officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination.
48
Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be
presented.
Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our fifth amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director
or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in
being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director
or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.
In
addition, our sponsors, Anchor Investor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies
similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination.
However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests.
We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsors, our
directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging
for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict
between their interests and ours.
The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders’ rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them
for such reason.
We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsors, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.
In
light of the involvement of our sponsors, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsors, officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other
entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts
of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsors, officers and directors are
not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they
are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although
we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a
business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsors, officers, directors or existing
holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous
to our Public Shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.
49
Since
our sponsors, Anchor Investor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is
not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our
initial business combination.
The
sponsors currently own 5,960,000 Founder Shares, including 5,662,000 held by CIIG and 298,000 held by Crown PropTech Sponsor, the Anchor
Investor currently owns 690,000 Founder Shares and the independent directors each received 50,000 Founder Shares concurrently with the
Initial Public Offering (an additional aggregate 50,000 Founder Shares held by two of Crown’s advisors and 50,000 Founder Shares
held by a former director). The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not consummate the initial business combination. CIIG, Crown
PropTech Sponsor and our Anchor Investor have also purchased 250,667, 3,760,000 and 1,002,666 Private Placement Warrants, respectively
(5,013,333 in the aggregate). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
the Founder Shares or Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination prior to
March 11, 2026. As a result, the personal and financial interests of certain of our officers and directors, directly or as members of
our sponsors, in consummating the initial business combination, may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
for the initial business combination.
We
may issue additional notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may
adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us.
Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Form 10-K to issue any additional notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise
incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have
agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for
redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:
●default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;
●acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;
●our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
payable on demand;
●our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;
50
●our
inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;
●using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared,
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
●limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate;
●increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
and adverse changes in government regulation; and
●limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
compared to our competitors who have less debt.
We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, as of August 28, 2025, up to $5,711,347.15 will be available to complete our initial business combination.
We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be:
●solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or
●dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services.
This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.
We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.
If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.
51
We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.
As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial
business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our
inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination.
In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies
have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently
in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources
to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination.
In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, including between the U.S. and China and between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost
of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost
of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination.
The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential
business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time
needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination.
On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the “SPAC Rule Proposals”), which include proposals relating to disclosures
in business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies (“SPACs”) such as us and private operating
companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections
by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (“Investment Company Act”), including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor
from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC’s duration, asset composition, business
purpose and activities. Final rules related to the above are expected to be issued by the SEC in April 2023. Certain of the procedures
that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or
pursuant to the SEC’s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and the time required to consummate a
business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination.
52
If
we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate and dissolve the Company.
As
described above, the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be
subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies
from the definition of “investment company” under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a
SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time
period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require
a SPAC to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. Such SPAC would then
be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement
for its initial public offering. As indicated above, we completed our Initial Public Offering in February 2021 and have operated as a
blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination since such time. If the
SPAC Rule Proposals are adopted as proposed, the safe harbor would not be available to us because we have not been able to satisfy the
24 months requirement to complete an initial business combination.
There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made
that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company, including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of
the Investment Company Act, based on the current views of the SEC. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required
to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning
shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such
a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless.
The
funds in the trust account have, since our Initial Public Offering, been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company. As of August 28, 2025, amounts held in trust account included approximately $793,287 of accrued interest. To mitigate the risk
of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may, in our discretion,
on or prior to, March 11, 2026, instruct Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account,
to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust
account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our
liquidation. Following such a liquidation of the assets in our trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the
funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would otherwise receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. This
means that the amount available for redemption may not increase in the future.
53
Additionally,
the longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively
in such securities, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company. For so long as the funds in
the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities,
the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company and required to liquidate is greater than that of a special purpose
acquisition company that has elected to liquidate such investments and to hold all funds in its trust account in cash (i.e., in one or
more bank accounts). Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any time,
and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive
upon any redemption or our liquidation.
Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business.
We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Shareholders own shares less
than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We
will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other
minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s
shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control
of the target business.
We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose
a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete
our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our Public Shareholders do not agree with the transaction and
have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in
connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements
to sell their shares to our sponsors, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be
returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.
54
Risks
Related to Our Organizational Documents and Structure
In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various
provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We have amended and restated our fourth
amendment and restatement memorandum and articles of association and cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our fifth amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support.
In
order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have
amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business
combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or
other securities. We have amended and restated our fourth amendment and restatement memorandum and articles of association. Further amending
our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company,
and amending our warrant agreement will typically require a vote of holders of at least 65% of the public warrants and any amendment
that solely affects the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants will also require at least 65% of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our fifth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments
would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register,
or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business
combination.
The
provisions of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity
(and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval
of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or two-thirds
of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition
companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to further amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination
activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement into the trust account
and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to Public Shareholders as described
herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the
trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our Initial Shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 93.3% of
our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or
trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to further amend the provisions
of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily
than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which
you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association.
55
Our
Initial Shareholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our Public Shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by March 11, 2026 or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A
ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsors, officers or directors for any breach
of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law.
Our
letter agreement with our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors, subscription agreements, and Registration Rights Agreement may
be amended, and provisions therein may be waived, without shareholder approval.
Our
letter agreement with our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our Founder
Shares and Private Placement Warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating
distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement, subscription agreements and the Registration Rights Agreement may be amended,
and provisions therein may be waived, without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to or waiver
of the letter agreement or Registration Rights Agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board,
in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such
agreements. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value
of an investment in our securities.
We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.
We
target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from
the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by Public Shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase
of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our Public Shareholders may only receive their pro
rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to Public Shareholders, and our warrants will expire
worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such
financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse
effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to
provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
56
Our
Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.
Our
Initial Shareholders currently own 93.3% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our fifth amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. Neither our Initial Shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors,
have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would
include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members
are appointed by Crown PropTech Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint
new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in
office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our Initial Shareholders, because
of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our Initial Shareholders will continue
to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.
A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.
If
(i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital-raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of our initial business combination, and (iii) the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below $9.20 per share, then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.
We
have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of $0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within
a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
(the “Reference Value”) equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor
at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might
otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are
called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the Market Value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants
will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsors, our Anchor Investor or their respective permitted transferees.
57
In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of $0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair
market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value
the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may
not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361
of our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.
Risks
Related to Our Warrants
Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.
Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in
connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (y) having
service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in
the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.
This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
58
Our
warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate
our initial business combination.
We
issued warrants to purchase 9,200,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered by the Initial Public Offering
and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,013,333 warrants,
at $1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary
shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.
Because
each Unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other
special purpose acquisition companies.
Each
Unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
Units, and only whole Units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to
the warrant holder. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants
upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares
compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner
for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase
one whole share.
General
Risks
We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.
We
are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information
they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose
that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million
as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31.
We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some
investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may
be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities
may be more volatile.
Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used.
59
Additionally,
we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed $250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our
annual revenues did not exceed $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held
by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed $700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced
disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.
Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination.
Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an
emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek
to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.
We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers.
Our
corporate affairs are governed by our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed
and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders
derivative action in a federal court of the United States.
60
We
have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to
recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public
policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.
As
a result of all of the above, Public Shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as Public Shareholders of a United States
company.
Provisions
in our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.
Our
fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals
that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability
of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities.
Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.
61
Members
of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental
investigations unrelated to our business.
Members
of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and
public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time
to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations
may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination
and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.
We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner.
Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose
any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
As
previously disclosed, following the issuance of the SEC Staff Statement on April 12, 2021 and in light of the comment letters issued
by the SEC to several special purpose acquisition companies on redeemable equity instruments in ASC 480-10-99, we identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments as a result of
the change in classification of all of our redeemable Class A ordinary shares as temporary equity and the classification of our warrants
as liabilities. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of December 31, 2021 and was also not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness resulted in
a material misstatement of our warrant liabilities, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital, accumulated
deficit and related financial disclosures.
For
the accounted period ended December 31, 2023, management identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting
for complex financial instruments and review procedures around key reconciliations including accruals and payables.
To
respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation
and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable
accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex
accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature,
research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding
complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance
that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
62
Any
failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our
operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result
a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements
on Form S-3, when available to us, or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute
our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
We
can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful
in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify
irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements.
We
are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to annually furnish a report by management on, among other things,
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses
identified by management in its internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may be required
to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting depending on our reporting status. We are required to
disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To continue to comply with the requirements of being
a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting
or internal audit staff.
Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries
If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may adversely affect us.
If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect
such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.
If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:
●costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;
●rules and
regulations regarding currency redemption;
63
●complex
corporate withholding taxes on individuals;
●laws
governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;
●exchange
listing and/or delisting requirements;
●tariffs
and trade barriers;
●regulations
related to customs and import/export matters;
●local
or regional economic policies and market conditions;
●unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements;
●challenges
in managing and staffing international operations;
●longer
payment cycles;
●tax
issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
●currency
fluctuations and exchange controls;
●rates
of inflation;
●challenges
in collecting accounts receivable;
●cultural
and language differences;
●employment
regulations;
●underdeveloped
or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;
●corruption;
●protection
of intellectual property;
●social
unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;
●regime
changes and political upheaval;
●terrorist
attacks and wars; and
●deterioration
of political relations with the United States.
We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.
Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations.
64
After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.
The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.
Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.
We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.
In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital.
We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.
We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities.
Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.
65
We
employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner.
Mail
addressed to the company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the company
to be dealt with. None of the company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides
registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding
address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us.
Economic
substance legislation of the Cayman Islands may adversely impact us or our operations.
The
Cayman Islands, together with several other non-European Union jurisdictions, have introduced legislation aimed at addressing concerns
raised by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) initiative
as to offshore structures engaged in certain activities which attract profits without real economic activity. The International Tax Co-operation
(Economic Substance) Act, (As Revised) (the “Economic Substance Act”) contains economic substance requirements for in-scope
Cayman Islands entities which are engaged in certain “relevant activities”. As we are a Cayman Islands company, our compliance
obligations will include filing an annual notification, which need to state whether we are carrying out any relevant activities and if
so, whether we have satisfied economic substance tests to the extent required under the Economic Substance Act. If the Cayman Islands
Tax Information Authority determines that the Company or any of its Cayman Islands subsidiaries has failed to meet the requirements imposed
by the Economic Substance Act the Company may face significant financial penalties, restriction on the regulation of its business activities
and/or may be struck off as a registered entity in the Cayman Islands.
As
it is still a relatively new regime, it is anticipated that the Economic Substance Act and associated guidance will evolve and may be
subject to further clarification and amendments. We may need to allocate additional resources to keep updated with these developments
and may have to make changes to our operations in order to comply with all requirements under the Economic Substance Act. Failure to
satisfy these requirements may subject us to penalties under the Economic Substance Act.
Uncertainty
in connection with certain international economic and political relationships, including the imposition of tariffs on international trade,
political disputes, regulatory changes and other international matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to identify
potential targets and to consummate our initial Business Combination, and could adversely affect the financial performance of any target,
either foreign or domestic.
The
international economic and political environment is dynamic and subject to change. There is currently significant uncertainty about the
future economic and political relationships between the United States and a number of other countries. These uncertainties include, among
other things, the potential imposition of protective tariffs on goods imported from other countries and reciprocal tariffs other countries
may impose on United States products, political disputes that may affect relationships between the United States and other countries
and the imposition of regulatory or other restrictions on trade and commerce. Any such matters could potentially limit the number of
potential targets we may consider, and could also have a material adverse effect on the financial performance of such potential targets.
Among other things, historical financial performance of companies affected by these international matters may not provide as accurate
a barometer of future performance as would pertain in a more stable economic environment.
66
For
example, the Russia-Ukraine war has had an immediate impact on the global economy resulting in higher energy prices and higher inflation
with significant disruption to financial markets and supply chains for certain goods and services. Moreover, in connection with Russia’s
invasion of Ukraine, the EU, the United States, and certain other governments around the world have responded by imposing various economic
sanctions which restrict or prohibit certain business opportunities in Russia and Ukraine. The war has continued to escalate without
any resolution foreseeable in the near future. The uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from the Russia-Ukraine
war, including the potential effects of sanctions limitations, possibility of counter-sanctions, retaliatory cyber-attacks on the world
economy and markets, further disruptions to global supply chains and potential shipping delays, have contributed to increased market
volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors that affect our ability to consummate a business
combination.
In
addition, in October 2023, Hamas militants infiltrated Israel’s southern border from the Gaza Strip and carried out a series of
attacks on civilian and military targets. Additionally, Hamas launched extensive rocket assaults on Israeli population centers and industrial
areas along Israel’s border with the Gaza Strip, as well as in other regions within the State of Israel. Subsequently, Israel’s
security cabinet declared war against Hamas, and a large-scale military campaign against these terrorist organizations began. The war
has continued without any resolution foreseeable in the near future. The uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming
from the war, have contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors
that affect our ability to consummate a business combination.
Our
ability to consummate a business combination may also be dependent on the ability to raise equity (including, for example, under one
or more forward purchase agreements that we may enter into) and debt financing, which may be impacted by any of the events described
above, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity, and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all.
Finally,
any of the events described above, including the ongoing impact of the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas and the Russia-Ukraine
war, may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as those
related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions.
Anti-money
laundering legislation, regulations and guidance and sanctions legislation may require us to adopt and maintain costly compliance procedures
and may adversely impact us or our financial results.
In
order to comply with legislation, regulations and guidance aimed at the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing and proliferation
financing, and sanctions legislation the Company may be required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require
subscribers and their beneficial owners, controllers or authorized persons (where applicable) (“Related Persons”) to provide
evidence to verify their identity. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, the Company may also rely on, or delegate to,
a suitable person the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information).
The
Company reserves the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber or their Related Persons.
In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may
refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were
originally debited.
The
Company also reserves the right to refuse to make any redemption payment to a shareholder if directors or officers suspect or are advised
that the payment of redemption proceeds to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering, sanctions or
other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure
compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction.
67
If
any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged
in criminal conduct or money laundering, or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property, and the information for that
knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business
or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman
Islands (“FRA”), pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to criminal
conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the FRA, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As
Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
We
are a special purpose acquisition company with no business operations. Since our initial public offering, our sole business activity
has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. Therefore, we do not consider that we face significant
cybersecurity risk and have not adopted any cybersecurity risk management program or formal processes for assessing cybersecurity risk.
Our board of directors is generally responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats, if there is any. We have not encountered
any cybersecurity incidents since our initial public offering.
Item 2.
Properties
We
currently maintain our executive offices at 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10019. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations.
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
From
time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the search for a potential target business.
On
August 10, 2022, we received a notice of election from Brivo, notifying us that Brivo had elected to terminate the Business Combination.
As a result of such election, the Business Combination was immediately terminated. We believe that prior to termination, Brivo breached
the Business Combination Agreement, and that EMBUIA LLC, an affiliate of Dean M. Drako, the Chairman of the board of directors of Brivo,
breached the Stockholder Support Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), in each case, including breaching their
respective obligations not to take certain actions in connection with a Company Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement). Following a confidential settlement arrangement reached on October 26, 2022, we are no longer pursuing any remedies
in connection with the termination of the Brivo Business Combination.
Item 4.
Reserved
68
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market
Information
Our
Units issued in the Initial Public Offering began trading on the NYSE under the symbol “CPTK.U” on February 11, 2021.
Beginning on March 30, 2021, holders of our Units could elect to separately trade the shares of Class A ordinary shares and
public warrants contained in the Units or continue to trade the Units without separating them. On such date, the shares of Class A
ordinary shares and public warrants began trading on the NYSE under the symbols “CPTK” and “CPTK.WS,” respectively.
Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per half share,
subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus dated February 8, 2021 related to the Initial Public Offering which was
filed with the SEC. Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares of Class A ordinary shares and will become exercisable
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Our warrants expire five years after the completion of our
initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
On November 18, 2022, our public warrants were delisted and the NYSE determined that the public warrants should be suspended from
trading because the NYSE determined the public warrants were no longer suitable for listing based on “abnormally low” price
levels, pursuant to Section 802.01D of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. On the same day, the Company was notified and a press release
regarding the proposed delisting was issued and posted on the NYSE’s website. Trading in the public warrants was immediately suspended
on November 18, 2022. On December 7, 2022, the NYSE filed Form 25, pursuant to Rule 12d2-2(b), notifying the SEC of its intention
to remove the entire class of public warrants from listing and registration on the NYSE on December 19, 2022. Subsequent to the
delisting, our public warrants have traded on over-the-counter markets under the symbol “CPTKW.” Over-the-counter market
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
On
February 12, 2024, the NYSE determined that the Company was not in compliance with Section 802.01B and 102.06e of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual (the “LCM”) because the Company failed to consummate a Business Combination within the shorter of (i) the time period
specified by its constitutive documents or by contract or (ii) three years. As such, the NYSE had determined to commence proceedings
to delist from the NYSE the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Units.
Trading
of the Company’s securities was suspended on February 12, 2024. The NYSE applied to the SEC to delist the Company’s securities
upon completion of all applicable procedures. The Company did not appeal the staff’s determination and, accordingly, the Company’s
securities were delisted from the NYSE.
Holders
As
of August 28, 2025, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 15 holders
of record of our Class B ordinary shares, and 10 holders of record of our warrants.
Dividends
We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith.
Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
None
Performance
Graph
Not
applicable
69
Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings
Unregistered
Sales
On
January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into the Assignment Agreement whereby Crown PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred and assigned 5,662,000
Founder Shares of the Company and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Company to CIIG
for an aggregate purchase price of $21,717.21.Our Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common
stock, on a one-for-one basis, upon the completion of a business combination.
The
sale of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act.
Use
of Proceeds
Of
the $283,520,000 in proceeds, we received from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of
$276,000,000, including $9,660,000 payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, was placed in the trust account.
However, in December 2022, we received a waiver letter from the underwriters electing to waive their entitlement to any deferred underwriting
commissions. The amount of funds available for a business combination is approximately $5,711,347.15 as of August 28, 2025, after payment
of an aggregate redemption amount of approximately $250,056.66 as a result of the approval on May 9, 2025 of the Extension Proposal.
There
has been no change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company’s final prospectus (File No. 333-
252307), dated February 8, 2021, and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act on February 10,
2021.
Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
None.
Item 6.
[Reserved]
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The
following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” of this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere
in this Report.
Overview
We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on September 24, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(a “business combination”). Our sponsors are Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC (“Crown PropTech Sponsor”), a Delaware
limited liability company and CIIG Management III LLC (“CIIG”), a Delaware limited liability company, (each, a “sponsor”
and together, the “sponsors”).
70
The
registration statement for our initial public offering (the “IPO”) became effective on February 8, 2021. On February 11,
2021, we consummated the IPO of 27,600,000 units, which included the exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase an additional
3,600,000 units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments (the “Units” with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares” with respect to the one-third of one redeemable warrant included in such
Units the “Public Warrant”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $276.0 million, and incurring offering
costs of approximately $15.8 million, inclusive of approximately $9.66 million in deferred underwriting commissions.
Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 5,013,333 warrants (each, a “Private
Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant
with Crown PropTech Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $7.5 million.
Upon
the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement, approximately $276.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the IPO
and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a Trust Account (“Trust Account”), located in the United
States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States “government
securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and
(ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.
Change in Management, Sponsor and Board of Directors
On
January 17, 2023, Richard Chera informed the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and
principal financial and accounting officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Chera’s resignation was voluntary and
not the result of any disagreement with the operations, policies or practices of the Company. Mr. Chera shall continue to serve
as a director of the Company.
On
January 17, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) appointed Mr. Gavin Cuneo and Mr. Michael
Minnick as co-CEOs of the Company, effective immediately.
Additionally,
in connection with this appointment, each of Mr. Cuneo and Mr. Minnick entered into an Indemnity Agreement and a Letter Agreement
with the Company on the same terms as the Indemnity Agreements and Letter Agreements entered into by the directors and officers of the
Company at the time of the Company’s IPO. In addition, CIIG Management III LLC (“CIIG”) entered into the Letter Agreement.
CIIG also entered into that certain joinder agreement to the Registration Rights Agreement as described in further detail below.
On
January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into a Securities Assignment Agreement (the “Assignment Agreement”), by and among Crown
PropTech Sponsor, LLC (“Crown PropTech Sponsor”), CIIG and Richard Chera, whereby Crown PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred
and assigned 5,662,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company and 250,667 private placement warrants to purchase Class A ordinary
shares of the Company to CIIG. In connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement, CIIG (i) entered into a Letter Agreement
with the Company (the “Letter Agreement”) and (ii) entered into a joinder agreement to the Registration Rights Agreement
entered into by Crown PropTech Sponsor in connection with the Company’s IPO. As a result of the above transaction CIIG became a
co-sponsor to Crown (and together with Crown PropTech Sponsor, the “Sponsors”).
In
connection with the above transaction, Crown PropTech Sponsor entered into a letter agreement dated as of January 17, 2023, whereby
Crown PropTech Sponsor is no longer entitled to receive any payments under the administrative services agreement and the Company is no
longer required to pay any such payments. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company has not made any payments pursuant to the
administrative agreement and does not expect to incur any related expenses in the near future.
On
May 5, 2023, Frits van Paasschen, a member of the Board, chair of the Audit Committee of the Board, chair of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, and a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board, notified the Board of his resignation
from the Board, effective upon the acceptance by the Board, which the Board accepted on May 8, 2023. Mr. van Paasschen’s
resignation was voluntary and not the result of any disagreement with the operations, policies or practices of the Company.
On
May 8, 2023, the Board elected Chris Rogers as a member of the Board, chair of the Audit Committee of the Board, a member of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, and a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board, effective immediately.
71
On
February 15, 2024, Gavin Cuneo notified the Company of his decision to resign as the co-chief executive officer of the Company, effective
immediately. Mr. Cuneo also served as the Company’s principal financial and accounting officer and resigned from such positions
as well. Mr. Cuneo’s decision to resign was not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating
to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.
Michael
Minnick, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, assumed the role of principal financial and accounting officer of the Company effective
upon Mr. Cuneo’s resignation. Mr. Minnick has served as the Company’s Co-Chief Executive Officer since January 2023.
Extraordinary
General Meetings
February
9, 2023
Beginning
on January 31, 2023, and continuing until the Company’s February 9, 2023 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders
(“Extraordinary General Meeting”), the Company and CIIG entered into certain non-redemption agreements and assignments of
economic interests (the “Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors (the “Non-Redeeming Investors”).
The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares
held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate
of 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, CIIG has agreed
to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B
ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
On
February 9, 2023, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from February 11,
2023 to February 11, 2024 (the “2023 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the 2023 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 23,403,515 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account (as
defined below). As a result, $238,305,063 (approximately $10.18 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account (described below)
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 4,196,485 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
February
9, 2024
On
February 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination
from February 11, 2024 to August 11, 2024 (the “February 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 2,195,847 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account (as defined below). As a result, $23,724,846 (approximately $10.80 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 2,000,638 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “February
2024 Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind
any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “February 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection
with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by
CIIG immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such February 2024 Non-Redeemed
Shares through the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
72
The
February 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of up to 464,414 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
held by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the February 9,
2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
August
9, 2024
On
August 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Third Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from August 11,
2024 to May 11, 2025 (the “August 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the August 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 1,487,025 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account (as defined below). As a result, $16,484,256 (approximately $11.09 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 513,613 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “August
2024 Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind
any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “August 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by
CIIG immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such August 2024 Non-Redeemed
Shares through the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
August 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of up to 115,287 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
held by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the August 9, 2024
Extraordinary General Meeting.
May
9, 2025
On
May 9, 2025, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Fourth Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from May
11, 2025 to March 11, 2026 (the “May 2025 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the May 2025 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 21,807 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account (as
defined below). As a result approximately, $0.25 million (approximately $11.47 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account to
redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 491,806 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “May 2025
Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind any redemption
requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the May
9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG immediately
following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares through the
May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
May 2025 Non-Redemption Agreements provided for the assignment of up 115,287 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, held
by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary
General Meeting.
73
Notice
of Delisting
On
April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) indicating that the Company is
not in compliance with Section 802.01E of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Form 10-K”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from April 17, 2023 to file the Form 10-K with the
SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-K.
On
May 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-K with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
May 23, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from May 22, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q.
On
June 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
November 21, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from November 20, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q. If
the Company fails to file the Form 10-Q before the NYSE’s compliance deadline, the NYSE may grant, at its sole discretion, an extension
of up to six additional months for the Company to regain compliance, depending on the specific circumstances. The notice from the NYSE
also notes that the NYSE may nevertheless commence delisting proceedings at any time if it deems that the circumstances warrant.
On
February 12, 2024, the NYSE determined that the Company was not in compliance with Section 802.01B and 102.06e of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual (the “LCM”) because the Company failed to consummate a Business Combination within the shorter of (i) the time period
specified by its constitutive documents or by contract or (ii) three years. As such, the NYSE had determined to commence proceedings
to delist from the NYSE the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Units.
74
Trading
of the Company’s securities was suspended on February 12, 2024. The NYSE applied to the SEC to delist the Company’s securities
upon completion of all applicable procedures. The Company did not appeal the staff’s determination and, accordingly, the Company’s
securities were delisted from the NYSE.
If
we have not completed a business combination by March 11, 2026 (the “Combination Period”), we will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our outstanding warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a business combination within
the Combination Period, including any extension thereto that may be approved by our shareholders.
Termination
of the Proposed Brivo Transaction
On
November 10, 2021, we entered into a business combination agreement (the “Brivo BCA” or the “Brivo Business Combination
Agreement”), by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Crown PropTech Merger Sub I Corp, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned
direct subsidiary of Crown (“Merger Sub I”), (iii) Crown PropTech Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Crown (“Merger Sub II”, and together with Merger Sub I the “Merger Subs”) and
(iv) Brivo, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Brivo” and all the parties to the Brivo Business Combination Agreement, the
“Parties to the Brivo Business Combination Agreement”) (the “Brivo Business Combination”). The obligation of
Brivo to consummate the Brivo Business Combination was subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, the aggregate
cash proceeds from Crown’s trust account, together with the proceeds from the sale of the PIPE Notes (as defined below).
In
connection with the signing of the Brivo Business Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription
Agreements”) with certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”). Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreements, each
PIPE Investor had the right to terminate its Subscription Agreement after July 9, 2022, if the closing of the Brivo Business Combination
had not occurred as of such date or at any date and time as the Brivo Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated.
Golub
Capital LLC and its affiliates (together with its affiliates, “Golub”), a PIPE Investor, subscribed for PIPE Notes with an
aggregate principal amount of $68 million. On July 11, 2022, we received a notice of election from Golub, notifying us that
Golub has elected to terminate Golub’s Subscription Agreement because the Brivo Business Combination had not been consummated by
July 9, 2022.
75
On
August 10, 2022, we received a notice of election from Brivo, notifying us that Brivo has elected to terminate the Brivo Business
Combination. As a result of such election, the Brivo Business Combination was immediately terminated. In addition, the rest of the Subscription
Agreements were automatically terminated.
Following
a confidential settlement arrangement, we are no longer pursuing any remedies in connection with the termination of the Brivo Business
Combination.
On
January 13, 2023, the Company formally withdrew its Form S-4 Registration Statement from the SEC associated with the Brivo BCA.
Proposed
Business Combination
On
July 2, 2025, (i) the Company (“SPAC”), (ii) Mkango (Cayman) Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Lancaster (as defined below) (“Merger Sub”),
(iii) Lancaster Exploration Limited, a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“Lancaster”, and from
and after the Closing, “PubCo”), and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Mkango Resources Ltd., a company organized under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada (the “Selling Shareholder”), (iv) Mkango Polska s.p. Z.o.o., a company organized under
the laws of Poland and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“MKA Poland”), (v) Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited,
a company organized under the laws of England and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“Mkango ServiceCo”),
and (vi) MKA Exploration Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Selling Shareholder (“MKA BVI”, and together with Lancaster, MKA Poland and Mkango ServiceCo, the “Companies”
and, each, a “Company”) entered into a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”).
Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction by which, among other things,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into SPAC, with SPAC being the surviving entity of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary
of PubCo. Concurrently therewith, PubCo will become a publicly traded company, expected to operate under the name “Mkango Rare
Earths Limited,” and its ordinary shares are expected to trade on Nasdaq.
The
proposed Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the “Transactions”)
are expected to be consummated after the required approval by the shareholders of SPAC and the satisfaction of certain other conditions
summarized below.
Business
Combination Agreement
Share
Split and Conversion of Securities
Pursuant
to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, in connection with and immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, Lancaster
will effect a share split under which each ordinary share of Lancaster (“Lancaster Share”) that is issued and outstanding
will be split into a number of PubCo Ordinary Shares determined by multiplying such Lancaster Share by the Exchange Ratio.
Further,
each outstanding ordinary share of SPAC will be canceled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share, and each outstanding
SPAC warrant will become exercisable for one PubCo Ordinary Share on the same terms and conditions.
Registration
Statement
As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, the parties will prepare and file with the SEC
a registration statement on Form F-4 (the “Registration Statement”), which will include a prospectus with respect to PubCo’s
securities to be issued in connection with the Business Combination Agreement and a proxy statement to be distributed to SPAC’s
public shareholders in connection with SPAC’s solicitation of proxies for the vote by SPAC’s shareholders with respect to
the proposed business combination and other matters to be described in the Registration Statement.
76
Representations
and Warranties
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, in each case relating to, among other
things, their ability to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and their outstanding capitalization. The representations and
warranties will not survive the Closing, and the Business Combination Agreement does not provide for indemnification with respect to
any of the representations and warranties of the parties thereto.
Covenants
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants requiring (i) the parties
to conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course through the Closing Date, (ii) the parties not to solicit, initiate, submit,
facilitate, discuss or negotiate with third parties regarding alternative transactions and comply with certain related restrictions,
(iii) the parties to prepare, and PubCo to file, the Registration Statement with the SEC and (iv) SPAC and the Companies using commercially
reasonable efforts to execute financing agreements raising $25.75 million or more in aggregate gross proceeds prior to or at the Closing.
Governance
The
Business Combination Agreement provides that, immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of PubCo (i) will consist of
one (1) director designated in writing by SPAC, reasonably acceptable to Lancaster and qualifying as an independent director, and up
to six (6) other directors designated in writing by Lancaster, after consultation with SPAC, and (ii) will be divided into three (3)
classes of directors with staggered terms. The management team of PubCo immediately following the Closing will consist solely of Lancaster’s
current management team.
Closing;
Conditions to Closing
The
Closing will occur within three (3) business days following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions, or at such other
time or in such other manner as agreed upon by SPAC and the Companies in writing.
The
obligations of the parties to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following closing conditions:
i.each
of the SPAC Shareholders’ Approval, the Selling Shareholder’s Approval and the
Merger Sub Shareholder’s Approval shall have been obtained;
ii.the
Registration Statement having become effective under the Securities Act;
iii.PubCo’s
initial listing application with Nasdaq will have been conditionally approved and, immediately
following the Closing, PubCo will satisfy any applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq;
iv.no
governmental authority will have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced, or entered any law
or governmental order that makes the Closing illegal or otherwise prevents the Closing;
v.the
gross amount of cash available in SPAC’s Trust Account following redemptions of SPAC
public shares, less certain transaction expense amounts and plus the aggregate gross amount
of Permitted Financing proceeds that have been (or will be) funded, will be not less than
$5.0 million;
vi.certain
corporate actions, including a reorganization of the Companies, having been completed, and
vii.receipt
of any required regulatory approvals (including of the TSX Venture Exchange (“TSX-V”)),
and
viii.other
customary closing conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.
Termination
The
Business Combination Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time of the
Merger, as follows:
●by
mutual written consent of SPAC and Lancaster;
77
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if the Closing has not occurred by March 11, 2026 (and no material
breach of the Business Combination Agreement by the party seeking to terminate primarily
caused or resulted in the failure of the Transactions to be consummated by such time);
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if any governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced, or entered any governmental order which has become final and nonappealable and
has the effect of making consummation of the Transactions illegal or otherwise preventing
or prohibiting consummation of the Transactions;
●by
either the Lancaster or SPAC if the SPAC shareholders do not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Selling Shareholder does not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Companies fail to deliver either of the Technical Report Summary or Lancaster’s
2024 and 2023 audited financial statements on or before August 31, 2025;
●by
SPAC if: (i) any Company or any of their subsidiaries enters into bankruptcy, receivership,
administration, restructuring, corporate rescue or other similar proceedings or (ii) a liquidator,
administrator, restructuring officer, or similar person is appointed on behalf of a Company;
●by
either the Companies or SPAC upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant,
or agreement on the part of the other in the Business Combination Agreement or in any other
agreements relating to the Transactions and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days
following receipt of a written notice of such breach; or
●by
written notice from Lancaster to SPAC if the closing of a convertible note transaction between
Lancaster and CIIG Management III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an existing
sponsor of SPAC (“CIIG III”), which is conditioned on the public filing of the
Registration Statement, is not consummated in accordance with the terms of the convertible
note.
If
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated, the Business Combination Agreement will become void and have no effect, without any
liability on the part of any party thereto or its respective affiliates, officers, directors, or shareholders, other than liability of
the Companies or SPAC, as the case may be, for fraud or for any willful and material breach of the Business Combination Agreement occurring
prior to such termination.
Shareholder
Support Agreement
Concurrently
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, the Selling Shareholder, SPAC, and the Companies entered into
a Shareholder Support Agreement (the “Shareholder Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Selling Shareholder agreed to, among other things:
a)vote
all shares in the Companies held directly or indirectly by the Selling Shareholder in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions, and any related actions, and against
any other transaction or proposal intended, or that would reasonably be expected, to prevent,
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect the Transactions in any material
respect or result in the failure to satisfy any closing condition set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement;
b)take
all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions; and
c)not
transfer any shares in any Company held directly or indirectly by the Selling Shareholder,
subject to certain exceptions.
The
Selling Shareholder also agreed not to commence, join in, facilitate, assist, or encourage any claim against SPAC, Merger Sub, PubCo,
the Companies, or any of their respective successors or directors challenging the validity of, or seeking to enjoin the operation of,
any provision of the Shareholder Support Agreement or alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty in connection with the evaluation, negotiation,
or entry into the Business Combination Agreement or any other agreement in connection with the Transactions.
78
This
Shareholder Support Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (a) the Expiration Time (as defined in the Shareholder Support
Agreement) and (b) the mutual written agreement of SPAC, the Companies, and the Selling Shareholder.
Sponsor
Support Agreement
CIIG
III, the Companies, SPAC, and certain investors in SPAC named therein have executed a Sponsor Support Agreement (the “Sponsor Support
Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, CIIG III and certain
other investors in SPAC have agreed to:
a)vote
all of their shares of SPAC’s Founder Shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement,
the Transactions, and any related actions, and against any other transaction or proposal
that would reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, materially delay, postpone
or adversely affect the Transactions in any material respect or result in the failure to
satisfy any closing conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement;
b)take
all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions, and
c)not
transfer or redeem any shares of SPAC’s Founder Shares or SPAC warrants held by them
prior to Closing, subject to certain exceptions.
CIIG
III also agreed to waive certain rights under SPAC’s organizational documents related to the adjustment of the Initial Conversion
Ratio (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement) in connection with the Transactions. Additionally, CIIG III committed to not demand
redemption of its Founder Shares or commence any claims against SPAC or the Companies related to the negotiation or execution of the
Business Combination Agreement.
A
portion of the PubCo Ordinary Shares issued to CIIG III with respect to the SPAC Founder Shares held by CIIG III may be placed into escrow
at Closing based on the amount of Available Gross SPAC Cash (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). Such shares are subject
to release upon achieving certain share price thresholds during the Sponsor Earnout Period (as defined in the Sponsor Support Agreement).
In the event of a change of control during the Sponsor Earnout Period, the vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied, and any remaining
CIIG III escrow shares will be released.
This
Sponsor Support Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of the valid termination of the Business Combination Agreement
or mutual written agreement of the parties, provided that such termination does not relieve liability for pre-termination breaches.
Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement
In
connection and concurrently with the Closing, PubCo, CIIG III, Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC (together with CIIG III, the “Sponsors”),
SPAC, and certain shareholders of the SPAC and the Company (such SPAC and Company shareholders, together with the Sponsors, the “Holders”)
will enter into a Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Business Combination
Agreement (the “Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up
Agreement, PubCo will grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to their securities.
Effective
upon the Closing, PubCo will file a registration statement with the SEC within 15 business days to register the resale of all Holders’
Registrable Securities on a continuous basis and will use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
as soon as reasonably practicable. Holders will also be entitled to customary demand and piggyback registration rights, subject to certain
limitations.
The
Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement also imposes transfer restrictions on 80% of each Holder’s securities (the “Lock-Up
Shares”) during the Lock-Up Period (as defined below), subject to certain adjustments. The “Lock-Up Period” is defined
as the following:
Sponsors
and SPAC shareholders:
●33%
released three months after the Closing Date.
79
●33%
released six months after the Closing Date.
●34%
released nine months after the Closing Date.
Company
shareholders:
●33%
released twelve months after the Closing Date.
●33%
released eighteen months after the Closing Date.
●34%
released twenty-four months after the Closing Date.
Exceptions
to the lock-up include transfers to immediate family members, affiliates, or entities controlled by the Holder, among other specified
permitted transferees (provided these transferees agree to be bound by the same lock-up restrictions).
Assignment,
Assumption and Amendment Agreement
In
connection and concurrently with the Closing, PubCo, SPAC, and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the “Warrant Agent”)
will enter into an assignment, assumption and amendment agreement to the existing warrant agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between
SPAC and Warrant Agent to provide holders of the SPAC’s warrants with warrants to purchase Pubco ordinary shares.
Financial
Advisor Service Agreement
On
June 1, 2025, the Company engaged Jett Capital Advisors, LLC (“Jett Capital”) as financial advisor to advise the Company
on their proposed Business Combination with Lancaster Exploration Limited, Mkango Polska S.P.Z.O.O., MKA BVI, and Mkango ServiceCo UK
Limited.
The
Company has agreed to pay Jett Capital as follows:
Work
Fee
A
work fee of $100,000 upon the execution of the agreement. As of the filing of this Form 10-K, this work fee has not been paid.
Transaction
Fee; Business Combination
Upon
the Company closing a Business Combination, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee payable as follows:
i.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are $15.0 million, or less, Jett Capital shall
receive a cash transaction fee equal to $2.5 million with $500,000 of the cash transaction
fee paid at close of the Business Combination, and $2.0 million of the cash transaction fee
deferred and payable upon close of the first offering completed by Mkango following the Business
Combination.
ii.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are greater than $15.0 million, but less than
$25.0 million, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $2.5 million with
the cash transaction fee paid at close of the Business Combination equal to 50% of every
dollar in proceeds (net of offering fees) above $15.0 million paid in cash up to a total
of $2.5 million and any remaining balance owed on the $2.5 million cash transaction fee deferred
and payable upon close of the first offering completed by Mkango following the Business Combination.
iii.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are equal to or greater than $25.0 million, but
less than $35.0 million, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $4.5
million with $2.5 million of the cash transaction fee paid at close of the Business Combination.
and $2.0 million of the cash transaction fee deferred and payable upon close of the first
offering completed by Mkango following the Business Combination.
iv.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are equal to greater than $35.0 million, Jett
Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $4.5 million at close of the Business
Combination.
80
Offering
Fee; Business Combination PIPE
For
any offering, or combination of offerings that provide incremental gross proceeds beyond the Trust Account of the Company to Mkango at
close of the Business Combination (the “Business Combination PIPE” or the “PIPE”), Jett Capital shall be a Joint-Placement
Agent in this PIPE with Cohen & Company Capital Markets (“CCM”), each collecting fifty percent (50.0%) of a cash fee
equal to four and a half percent (4.5%) of the gross proceeds raised in the PIPE.
Offering
Fee; Equity Offering
Upon
the Company closing an equity or equity-linked offering following the close of the Business Combination, Jett Capital shall be a Joint
Placement Agent in the equity or equity-linked Offering and receive 50% of a cash fee equal to six percent (6.0%) of the total offering
size payable at offering close from immediately available funds.
Offering
Fee; Debt Offering
Upon
the Company closing a debt offering following the close of the proposed Business Combination, Jett Capital shall be a Joint Placement
Agent in the debt offering and receive 50% of a cash fee equal to three percent (3.0%) of the total Offering size payable at offering
close from immediately available funds.
Settlement
of Payables
For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company settled payables of $759,643, and $6,472,941, respectively, due to vendors and
related parties. In addition, in December 2022, the underwriters agreed to waive their right to receive the deferred underwriting discount
of $0.35 per Unit, or $9,660,000 in the aggregate, that was to be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes an initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022 in relation to the
waiver of the deferred underwriting discount, the Company recognized other income of $479,780 for offering costs related to warrant issuance
and an increase in additional paid-in capital of $9,180,220.
The
2023 settlement of payables of $339,107 with related parties is in relation to the Administrative Services Agreement. As this is with
a related party, the Company recognized $339,107 in the statement of changes in shareholders’ deficit for the settlement of these
payables. The remaining $420,536 was recognized as a gain in the statement of operations.
Results
of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events
We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for our initial business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of dividend income on investments held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.
For
the year ended December 31, 2023, we had net income of $523,546. We generated income in our
trust account for $3,372,354 and settled payables of $420,536 partially offset by $2,112,830
in operating costs, $1,156,500 in non-redemption agreement expense and $14
from a change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities.
For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of $14,797,454. We incurred $4,242,071 of operating costs consisting mostly
of legal fees. We negotiated settlements of payables for $6,472,941, had income on our trust account for $3,985,204, a change in fair
value of warrant liability of $8,101,600 and a recovery of offering costs allocated to warrants of $479,780.
Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern
On
February 11, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 27,600,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, which included the exercise of the
underwriters’ option to purchase an additional 3,600,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold,
generating gross proceeds of $276,000,000. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale of 5,013,333
Private Placement Warrants to Crown PropTech Sponsor and the Anchor Investor at a purchase price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of $7,520,000.
81
Following
the IPO, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option,
a total of $276,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, acting as trustee, and we had $1,919,091 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to
the IPO, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred $16,505,915 in transaction costs, including $5,520,000 of underwriting
fees, $9,660,000 of deferred underwriting fees, $795,825 of excess fair value of the Anchor Investor shares and $530,090 of other offering
costs. In December 2022, the underwriters agreed to waive their right to receive any additional deferred underwriting discount.
For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in operating activities was $917,716, resulting from the net income of $523,546 which was
impacted by unrealized loss on change in fair value of warrant liabilities of $14, settlement of payables of $420,536, non-redemption agreement expense
associated with the non-redemption agreements of $1,156,500, trust dividend income of $3,372,354 and changes in operating assets and
liabilities of $1,195,114.
For
the year ended December 31, 2023, we withdrew $238,305,063 from the trust account generating $238,305,063 in cash provided by investing
activities. We used $237,466,907 in cash for financing activities with $238,305,063 paid for the redemptions of ordinary shares partially
offset by $249,419 in borrowings from related parties, equity contribution from the previous sponsor in connection with the Securities
Assignment Agreement of $263,040, and capital contributions from Sponsors of $325,697.
For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was $498,316, resulting primarily from the net income of $14,797,454
which was impacted by unrealized gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities of $8,101,600, trust dividend income of $3,985,204,
settlement of payable for $6,472,941 and a recovery of offering costs allocated to warrants for $479,780 offset by changes in operating
assets and liabilities of $3,743,755 of cash from operating activities. Cash provided from financing activities include borrowings under
the Convertible Note of $216,000 and capital contributions from Crown PropTech Sponsor of $347,721.
As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we had cash outside the trust account of $652 and $80,212 available for working capital needs and working
capital deficits of $2,277,105 and $1,512,655, respectively. All remaining cash held in the trust account is generally unavailable for
our use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a business combination or to redeem ordinary shares.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, none of the amount in the trust account was available to be withdrawn as described above.
Through
December 31, 2023, our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares, the remaining net
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering, the sale of Private Placement Warrants, the Promissory Note and the Convertible Note (as defined
below) and capital contributions from the Sponsors of $673,418.
On
November 30, 2021, we entered into a convertible note with Richard Chera, our former Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant
to which Mr. Chera agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible Note”). The
Convertible Note was non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of: (i) 12 months from the date thereof or (ii) the date on
which we consummate a business combination. If we do not consummate a business combination, we may use a portion of any funds held outside
the trust account to repay the Convertible Note; however, no proceeds from the trust account may be used for such repayment if we do
not consummate a business combination. On May 31, 2023, the Convertible Note was amended and restated (the “A&R Note”)
in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 to be due on the earlier of: (i) February 11, 2024; (ii) the date on
which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the Company. Additionally,
due to a waiver by Mr. Chera, the A&R Note no longer provides for the Conversion Right.
On
March 28, 2025, the A&R Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 was amended to be due on the earlier of: (i) February
11, 2026; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination; or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the
Company.
82
The
Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company
lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from
the issuance date of the financial statements are issued. Although no formal agreement exists, the Sponsors are committed to extend loans
as needed.
Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential merger target, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to in on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, or that its plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful.
In
connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board’s
Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern,” management has determined that the above liquidity issues and the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution,
should the Company be unable to complete a Business Combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern. The Company has until March 11, 2026, or by the end of any extension to the Combination Period, to consummate a Business
Combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of
time within one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date,
there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after March 11, 2026.
Commitments
and Contingencies
Registration
Rights
The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working
capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
signed prior to the effective date of the IPO requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities
will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the
holders have certain “piggyback” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.
On November 10, 2021 (but effective as of the closing of the Brivo Business Combination), and as part of the Brivo Business Combination,
New Brivo, Crown PropTech Sponsor, Anchor Investor and certain other shareholders and directors and officers of Crown and Brivo entered
into the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. As part of the termination of the Business Combination, the Restated Registration
Rights Agreement was automatically terminated.
Underwriting
Agreement
A
deferred underwriting discount of $0.35 per Unit, or $9,660,000 in the aggregate, was payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
In December 2022, the underwriters agreed to waive their right to receive any additional deferred underwriting discount and as a result,
the Company de-recognized the related deferred underwriting discount. The Company considers the deferred underwriting discount an offering
cost. Offering costs are charged to shareholders’ equity or statement of operations based on the relative value of the Public Warrants
to the proceeds received from the Units sold upon the completion of the IPO. Upon the waiver of the deferred underwriting discount, a
portion of the deferred underwriting discount was recorded to the statement of operations and to shareholders’ equity. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, in relation to the waiver of the deferred underwriting discount, the Company recognized other income of
$479,780 for offering costs related to warrant issuance and an increase in additional paid-in capital of $9,180,220.
Advisory
Service Agreements
We
may enlist various entities as capital market advisors to assist in the identification and consummation of an initial business combination.
Fees for such services will be payable only upon consummation of an initial business combination by us.
83
During
the fourth quarter of 2022, these contracts with the advisors have been terminated and no amounts were paid or due under the contracts.
As
discussed above, on June 1, 2025, the Company engaged Jett Capital as financial advisor to advise the Company on their proposed Business
Combination with Lancaster Exploration Limited, Mkango Polska S.P.Z.O.O., MKA BVI, and Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited. Except for $100,000
due upon execution of the agreement, fees for such services will be payable only upon consummation of an initial business combination
by us.
Administrative
Support Agreement
We
previously entered into an administrative agreement to pay Crown PropTech Sponsor or an affiliate thereof a total of up to $15,000 per
month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team (the “Administrative
Support Payments”). Pursuant to a subsequent letter agreement, Crown PropTech Sponsor is no longer entitled to receive any Administrative
Support Payments and we are no longer required to pay any such payments. As of December 31, 2023, we have not made any payments pursuant
to the administrative agreement and do not expect to incur any related expenses in the near future. As the waiver of the Administrative
Support Payments is with a related party, the Company recognized $339,107 in the statement of changes in shareholders’ deficit
for the settlement of these transactions.
Attorney
Fees
We
incurred legal fees in connection with the proposed Brivo Business Combination, none of which were payable until consummation of the
proposed Brivo Business Combination. As of December 31, 2023, we fully paid a settled amount in legal fees associated with the Brivo
Business Combination.
A&R
Note
On
November 30, 2021, we entered into a convertible promissory note with Richard Chera, our former Chief Executive Officer and Director,
pursuant to which Mr. Chera agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000. On May 31, 2023, the promissory
note was amended and restated in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000. On March 28, 2025, the A&R Note in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $1,000,000 was amended to be due on the earlier of: (i) February 11, 2026; (ii) the date on which the Company
consummates a Business Combination; or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the Company. See “Liquidity and Capital
Resources.”
Contractual
Obligation
We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities other than described above.
84
Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates
The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies and estimates:
Fair
Value of Working Capital Loan Option
At
December 31, 2022, we utilized an internal model to determine the fair value of the Working Capital Loan Option using observable and
unobservable assumptions about future values of the Company’s warrants. Significant variations in these assumptions could have
a material impact to the financial statements. On May 31, 2023, Richard Chera agreed to waive the right to convert the amounts due
under the Working Capital Loan into warrants. At December 31, 2023, the Working Capital Loan Option no longer existed.
Class A
Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption
The
Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480
“Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as
shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to
be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2023
and 2022, 4,196,485 and 27,600,000, respectively, shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ deficit section of the Company’s balance sheets.
Net
Income per Ordinary Shares
The
Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as redeemable Class A ordinary shares and non-redeemable Class B ordinary
shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Private and public warrants to purchase 14,213,333
Class A ordinary shares at $11.50 per share were issued on February 11, 2021. No warrants were exercised during the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022. The calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants
issued in connection with the (i) IPO, (ii) exercise of over-allotment, and (iii) Private Placement since the exercise of the
warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic
net income per ordinary share for the periods.
Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented
in the balance sheets.
Derivative
Warrant Liabilities
The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates
all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants and working capital loan options, to determine if such instruments
are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative
instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period.
Non-Redemption
Agreements
The
Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares held
by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate of 4,000,000
Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer
to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the 1,500,000
Class B ordinary shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Investors to be $1,156,500 or $0.77 per share.
Each
Non-Redeeming Investor acquired from the Sponsors an indirect economic interest in the Founder Shares. The value of the Non-Redemption
Agreements is reported as a component of shareholders’ deficit. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined
to be non-redemption agreement expense in accordance with SAB Topic 5T.
We
utilized a model to determine the fair value of the Non-Redemption Agreements using observable and unobservable assumptions about current
and anticipated events. Significant assumptions include the probability and timing of consummating a business combination. Significant
variations in these assumptions could have a material impact to the financial statements.
85
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements
In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07),
which improves reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses
among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company’s management believes the adoption
of ASU 2023-07 does not have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures.
In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires
disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among
other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company’s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and
disclosures.
Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company’s financial statements.
Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements
As
of December 31, 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.
JOBS
Act
The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain
reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act
are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result,
the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company
effective dates.
Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that
may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation
related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer’s
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our
IPO or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier.
86
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item.
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
This
information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.
As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Co-Chief Executive Officers carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2023. Based upon their evaluation, our Co-Chief
Executive Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company’s
accounting for complex financial instruments and review procedures around key reconciliations including accruals and payables. As a result,
we performed additional analysis and reconcilliations as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.
Management
has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and review procedures
around key reconciliations including accruals and payables. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting
requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial
statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex
accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that
these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
87
Management’s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting
As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
(1)pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,
(2)provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and
(3)provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2023. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023.
Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals.
This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.
Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information
None.
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
None.
88
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance
Executive
Officers and Directors
The
names of our executive officers and directors, their ages as of August 28, 2025, and their positions are shown below:
Name
Age
Position
Michael
Minnick
59
Chief
Executive Officer
Richard
Chera
51
Chairman
of the Board of Directors
Melissa
“Lisa” Holladay
58
Director
Stephen
Siegel
80
Director
Chris
Rogers
67
Director
Michael
Minnick, Chief Executive Officer
Mr.
Michael Minnick has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January, 2023. Mr. Minnick is a Co-Founder and has been a Managing Partner
at IIG Holdings since 2014, is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Opus Music II LLC since December 2024 and is the managing member
of CIIG Management III LLC since its inception. Since May 2024, Mr. Minnick has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Target Global
Acquisition I Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Minnick served as co-chief executive officer and a director of CIIG Capital
Partners II, Inc. (now known as Zapp Electric Vehicles, Inc.) (“CIIG”) from February 2021 until April 2023 when CIIG completed
its initial business combination with Zapp Electric Vehicles Group Limited. Mr. Minnick served as the Chief Investment Officer of CIIG
Merger Corp. (“CIIC”) from December 2019 to March 2021 when CIIC closed its initial business combination with Arrival Group.
Mr. Minnick has also served as a Director and Co-Founder of Opus Music Group Investments, LLC from December 2021 until August 2024. From
2019 until March 2021, he was Chief Investment Officer and director of CIIC. Prior to forming IIG Holdings, he was a Co-Founder and Senior
Managing Director of Interlink Investment Group, from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Minnick has experience in more than $190 billion in transaction
volume, including advisory and debt and equity capital executions at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and The Royal Bank of Scotland
Group plc (NYSE:RBS), or RBS. Mr. Minnick served in various capacities at RBS, from 2004 to 2011, culminating in his service as a Managing
Director and Head of Corporate Finance in the Telecom, Media & Technology Group. From 2003 to 2004, Mr. Minnick was the Founder and
Chief Executive Officer of Traffic Networks, a startup that developed mobile and online real-time traffic information for the New York
Metropolitan markets. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Minnick served in different positions within Investment Banking at JPMorgan Chase &
Co. including the Telecom, Media & Technology Group and the Global Syndicated Finance Group. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase &
Co., Mr. Minnick was an Associate at The Bank of Nova Scotia in the Corporate Finance and Syndications division from 1994 to 1996. Mr.
Minnick began his career at AT&T (NYSE:T) where he served in several analyst capacities from 1989 to 1992, including as a Financial
Analyst in the Market Analysis & Forecasting Division for Business Communications Services within the Chief Financial Officer division.
From 2012 to 2019, he served as a Director of Paystar Inc., a privately-held FinTech company. Mr. Minnick received a M.B.A. from Cornell
University and a B.A. from The University of St. Thomas.
Richard
Chera, Chairman of the Board of Directors
Richard
Chera has been a member of the Crown Board since September 2020. Mr. Chera served as Crown’s Chief Executive Officer from
September 2020 until January 2023. He is a co-founder and has served as Senior Managing Director of Crown Acquisitions Inc. since 2004.
Mr. Chera has been the Chief Executive Officer of First Mile Capital, a multi-strategy fund, since 2022. Mr. Chera is also a co-founder
of ReWyre®, a technology aggregator and intelligent city master planner based in New York City. Mr. Chera also serves on the
boards of various nonprofit organizations that focus on public health, children’s and seniors’ services, as well as business
growth opportunities for entrepreneurs. Mr. Chera attended The Sanno Institute in Tokyo, Japan in 1992 and New York University’s
Stern School of Business from 1992-1995. Crown believes Mr. Chera’s experience in leading large real estate transactions in
the U.S., Canada and UK and numerous retail developments make him well qualified to serve on the Crown Board.
89
Lisa
Holladay, Director
Lisa
Holladay has been a member of the Crown Board since February 2021. Since April 2020, Ms. Holladay has been Chief Experience Officer
of TIGER 21, a peer-to-peer learning company. From September 2016 to April 2020, Ms. Holladay served as Global Brand Leader of five
of Marriott International’s luxury brands, including The Ritz-Carlton Hotel and The St. Regis Hotels & Resorts. From 2012
to 2016, Ms. Holladay served as Vice President, Global Brand Marketing for The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. Prior to joining
Marriott, Ms. Holladay was National Manager of Experiential Marketing of Mercedes-Benz USA, an automotive company. Ms. Holladay
also serves on the board of the Erwin Center for Brand Communications at Clemson University. Ms. Holladay has an M.A. from Georgetown
University and a B.A. from Clemson University. Crown believes Ms. Holladay’s experience in customer experience, hospitality
and marketing makes her well qualified to serve on the Crown Board.
Stephen
Siegel, Director
Stephen
Siegel has been a member of the Crown Board since February 2021. Since July 2003, Mr. Siegel has served as the Chairman, Global
Brokerage at CBRE, Inc. Prior to the merger with CBRE, Mr. Siegel was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Insignia/ESG. Before
that, he became President and Chief Executive Officer of Cushman & Wakefield at the age of 37. Mr. Siegel has arranged
multimillion-dollar transactions for some of the nation’s most prominent corporate clients over the years. More recently, Mr. Siegel
closed major deals with the headquarters of HBC (400,000 sq. ft.), Headquarters of Apollo (300,000 sq. ft.), Estee Lauder, Corp. Headquarters
(300,000 sq. ft.) and the Headquarters for L’Oreal (400,000 sq. ft.). He sits on numerous nonprofit boards, such as Gift of Life
and National Jewish Health. He has honorary doctorates from Baruch College, Yeshiva University, Monmouth University and St. Thomas Aquinas
University. Crown believes Mr. Siegel’s experience as an industry leader and benefactor makes him well qualified to serve
on the Crown Board.
Chris
Rogers, Director
Chris
Rogers has been a member of the Crown Board since May 2023. Mr. Rogers has over 30 years of operating and investing experience
and has served in his current capacity as Partner at Lumia Capital LLC since 2013. He served as a member of CIIG Capital Partners II,
Inc.’s board of directors from September 2021 to April 2023. From 2019 until March 2021, he was a director of CIIG Merger Corp.
Mr. Rogers co-founded Nextel Communications in 1987, which later sold to Sprint Corporation (NYSE:S) in 2005. Mr. Rogers
served as Senior Vice President at Nextel, implementing numerous strategies and campaigns. Mr. Rogers moved to Sprint in 2005 after
Nextel was acquired, where he served as a Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Spectrum until 2012. He oversaw mergers,
acquisitions, divestitures, equity investments and joint ventures in the role and was also responsible for management and oversight of
wireless spectrum licenses and Sprint’s portfolio of emerging technology investments. Mr. Rogers received his B.A. from Tufts
University and his J.D. from the Catholic University of America.
90
Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors
The
Crown Board consists of four members, divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with
each class (except for those directors appointed prior to Crown’s first general meeting) serving a three-year term. We may not
hold an annual general meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
Only
holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with
the completion of an initial business combination. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. These provisions of Crown’s fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating
to the rights of Crown’s holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint directors may be amended by a special resolution passed
by a majority of at least 90% of the ordinary shares voting in a general meeting.
Crown’s
officers are appointed by the Crown Board and serve at the discretion of the Crown Board, rather than for specific terms of office. The
Crown Board is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to Crown’s fifth amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association.
Director
Independence
An
“independent director” is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has
no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with the company). Crown currently has three “independent directors” as defined in the SEC rules.
The Crown Board has determined that Ms. Holladay, Mr. Siegel and Mr.Rogers are “independent directors” as defined
in the SEC rules. Crown’s independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
present.
Committees
of the Board of Directors
The
Crown Board has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
All of Crown’s committees are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under
a charter that has been approved by the Crown Board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each
committee is available on Crown’s website (https://www.crownproptech.com/). Information contained on Crown’s website is not
part of this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of Crown’s website address in this Form 10-K is an inactive textual reference
only.
91
Audit
Committee
We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Lisa Holladay, Chris Rogers and Stephen Siegel serve as the members and Chris
Rogers serves as chair of the audit committee. Lisa Holladay, Chris Rogers and Stephen Siegel are independent of and unaffiliated with
our sponsors and our underwriters. Under the applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee,
all of whom must be independent.
Lisa
Holladay, Chris Rogers and Stephen Siegel are financially literate and the Crown Board has determined that Chris Rogers qualifies as
an “audit committee financial expert” and has accounting or related financial management expertise. Crown has adopted an
audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including:
●assisting
board oversight of (1) the integrity of Crown’s financial statements, (2) Crown’s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) Crown’s independent registered
public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance
of Crown’s internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
registered public accounting firm engaged by Crown;
●pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
registered public accounting firm engaged by Crown, and establishing pre-approval policies
and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships
the auditors have with Crown in order to evaluate their continued independence;
●setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public
accounting firm describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control
procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality control
review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental
or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;
●meeting
to review and discuss Crown’s annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial
statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing Crown’s
specific disclosures under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
to Crown entering into such transaction; and
●reviewing
with management, the independent auditors, and Crown’s legal advisors, as appropriate,
any legal, regulatory, or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators
or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
issues regarding Crown’s financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities.
92
Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee
We
established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. The members of our nominating and corporate governance
are Chris Rogers, Lisa Holladay and Stephen Siegel. Stephen Seigel serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee.
We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including:
●identifying,
screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination
for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors;
●developing
and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate
governance guidelines;
●coordinating
and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
directors and management in the governance of the company; and
●reviewing
on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and
when necessary.
The
charter of the nominating and corporate governance committee also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may,
in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and
has been directly responsible for approving the search firm’s fees and other retention terms.
Crown
has not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Crown Board considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of Crown’s business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of Crown shareholders. Prior to an initial business combination, holders of Crown’s Public Shares will not have
the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to the Crown Board.
Compensation
Committee
Lisa
Holladay, Chris Rogers and Stephen Siegel serve as the members and Lisa Holladay serves as chair of the compensation committee. Crown
has adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:
●reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to Crown’s
chief executive officer’s compensation;
●evaluating
Crown’s chief executive officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives
and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of Crown’s chief executive
officer based on such evaluation;
●reviewing
and making recommendations to the Crown Board with respect to the compensation, and any incentive
compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to Crown Board approval of all of Crown’s
other officers;
●reviewing
Crown’s executive compensation policies and plans;
●implementing
and administering Crown’s incentive compensation and equity-based remuneration plans;
93
●assisting
management in complying with Crown’s proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
●approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments, and other special compensation and benefit
arrangements for Crown’s officers and employees;
●producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in Crown’s annual proxy statement;
and
●reviewing,
evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of Crown’s existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.
The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the SEC.
Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31,
2022 there were no delinquent filers.
Code
of Ethics
Crown
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to Crown directors, officers, and employees. You can review this document by
accessing Crown’s public filings at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and the charters of the committees of the Crown Board will be provided without charge upon request in writing to Crown PropTech
Acquisitions, 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York, NY 10019. If Crown makes any amendments to Crown’s Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grants any waiver, including
any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to Crown’s principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure
under applicable SEC rules, Crown will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Crown’s website. The information included
on Crown’s website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus or in any other report or document Crown
files with the SEC, and any references to Crown’s website are intended to be inactive textual references only.
Conflicts
of Interest
Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:
(i)duty
to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
of the company as a whole;
94
(ii)duty
to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
purpose;
(iii)directors
should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;
(iv)duty
to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;
(v)duty
not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
company and their personal interests; and
(vi)duty
to exercise independent judgment.
In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director.
As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings.
Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our fifth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law:
(i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we
renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
combination.
95
Below
is a table summarizing the other entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary.
Individual
Entity/Organization
Entity’s
Business
Affiliation
Michael
Minnick
International
Investment Group Holdings LLC
Target
Global Acquisition I Corp.
Opus
Music II LLC
Investment
Company
Special
Purpose Acquisition Company
Investment
Company
Managing
Partner
Chief
Executive Officer
Co-Founder
and Managing Partner
Richard
Chera
Crown
Acquisitions
First
Mile Capital
Real
Estate Holding Company
Investment
Company
Senior
Managing Director
Chief
Executive Officer
Lisa Holladay
TIGER
21
Clemson
University (Erwin Center for Brand Communications)
Peer-to-Peer
Lending
Education
Chief
Experience Officer
Board
Member
Stephen
Siegel
CBRE,
Inc.
Real Estate
and Investment Firm
Chairman,
Global Brokerage
Chris
Rogers
Lumia
Capital
Investment
Company
Partner
There
are also other potential conflicts of interest:
●Crown’s
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to Crown’s
affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between Crown’s
operations and Crown’s search for a business combination and their other businesses.
Crown currently does not have and does not intend to have any full-time employees prior to
the completion of an initial business combination. Each of Crown’s officers is engaged
in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and Crown’s officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to Crown’s affairs.
●Crown
PropTech Sponsor purchased Founder Shares prior to the date of Crown’s initial public
offering and purchased Private Placement Warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously
with the closing of Crown’s initial public offering. In February 2021, Crown PropTech
Sponsor transferred 690,000 Founder Shares to our Anchor Investor and transferred 50,000
Founder Shares to each of Crown’s four independent directors prior to Crown’s
initial public offering. In January 2023 Crown PropTech Sponsor sold 5,662,000 Founder Shares
and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants to CIIG. The sponsors, officers, and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with Crown, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with
the completion of an initial business combination. Additionally, the sponsors, officers,
and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to their Founder Shares if Crown fails to complete an initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame. If Crown does not complete an initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire
worthless. Furthermore, the sponsors, the Anchor Investor and Crown’s officers and
directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur
of: (i) one year after the completion of an initial business combination or (ii) the
date following the completion of an initial business combination on which Crown completes
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
Crown shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Crown Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination,
the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup.
96
●The
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days following
the completion of an initial business combination. Because each of Crown’s officers
and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate an initial business combination.
●Each
of Mr. Chera and Mr. Siegel invested $2,271,000 and $230,000 in Crown PropTech
Sponsor, respectively and hold interests in the Crown PropTech Sponsor, or directly in Crown,
that represent an interest of up to 348,000 Class B ordinary shares and 3,760,000 Private
Placement Warrants. All of such securities would be worthless if a business combination is
not consummated by March 11, 2026 (unless such date is extended in accordance with the Existing
Governing Documents).
●On
November 30, 2021, we entered into a convertible note with Richard Chera, our former
Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant to which Mr. Chera agreed to loan us
up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible Note”). The
Convertible Note was non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of: (i) 12 months from
the date thereof or (ii) the date on which we consummate a business combination. If
we do not consummate a business combination, we may use a portion of any funds held outside
the trust account to repay the Convertible Note; however, no proceeds from the trust account
may be used for such repayment if we do not consummate a business combination. On May 31,
2023, the Convertible Note was amended and restated (the “A&R Note”) in the
aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 to be due on the earlier of: (i) February 11,
2024; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (iii) the
effective date of a liquidation of the Company. Additionally, due to a waiver by Mr. Chera,
the A&R Note no longer provides for the Conversion Right.   On March 28, 2025, the
A&R Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 was amended to be due
on the earlier of: (i) February 11, 2026; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination; or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the Company.
●On
January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into the Securities Assignment Agreement, whereby Crown
PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred and assigned 5,662,000 Class B ordinary shares of
the Company and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares
of the Company to CIIG. In connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement, CIIG (i) entered
into a letter agreement with Crown and (ii) entered into a joinder agreement to the
Registration Rights Agreement entered into by Crown PropTech Sponsor in connection with Crown’s
Initial Public Offering.
●Mr. Minnick,
Crown’s Chief Executive Officer and the Managing Member of CIIG, invested $20,514 and
$1,203.21, respectively, to acquire 5,622,000 Class B ordinary shares and 250,667 Private
Placement Warrants from Crown PropTech Sponsor. All of such securities would be worthless
if a business combination is not consummated by March 11, 2026 (unless such date is extended).
●Crown’s
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to Crown’s
initial business combination.
In
no event will the sponsors or any of Crown’s existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by
the Crown any finder’s fee, consulting fee, or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of an initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date that the Crown securities were first listed on the
NYSE through the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination and Crown’s liquidation, pursuant to an administrative
services agreement, Crown agreed to pay Crown PropTech Sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to $15,000 per month of Administrative
Support Payments. Pursuant to a subsequent letter agreement, Crown PropTech Sponsor is no longer entitled to receive any Administrative
Support Payments and Crown is no longer required to pay any such payments. As of the date of this Annual Report, Crown has not made any
Administrative Support Payments pursuant to the administrative agreement and does not expect to incur any related expenses in the near
future.
97
Crown
cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in Crown’s favor.
The
sponsors, officers, and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any shares purchased during or after the offering in favor
of an initial business combination.
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind,
including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsors, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our sponsors, directors or officers, or our or their affiliates. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023,
no expenses have been incurred by our sponsors, directors or officers, or our or their affiliates, on behalf of Crown for which they
are seeking reimbursement.
After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.
We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our directors and officers may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us as of August 28, 2025,
with respect to our ordinary shares held by:
●each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of
Class A ordinary shares;
●each
of our directors and executive officers that beneficially owns CPTK ordinary shares; and
●all
our directors and executive officers as a group.
98
Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community
property laws and similar laws, we believe that each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares.
On January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into the Assignment Agreement whereby Crown PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred and assigned 5,662,000
Founder Shares of the Company and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Company to CIIG
for an aggregate purchase price of $21,717.21.
In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 7,391,806 ordinary shares outstanding as of August 28, 2025, including 491,806 shares
of Crown Class A ordinary shares and 6,900,000 shares of Crown Class B ordinary shares. Voting percentages represents
the voting power of the ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the ordinary
shares vote together as a single class, provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors prior to the Company’s initial business combination. The table below does not include any ordinary shares underlying
our outstanding warrants because such securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof.
Our Sponsors,
Directors and Executive Officers
Name and
Address of Beneficial Owner(1)
Number
of Class A Ordinary Shares
Number
of Class B Ordinary Shares
%
of Class A Ordinary Shares
%
of Class B Ordinary Shares
%
of Ordinary Shares
5% Holders of the Company
CIIG
Management III LLC(2)
—
5,662,000
—
82.1%
76.6%
BlackRock, Inc.(3)
417,117
690,000
84.8%
10.0%
15.0%
Sandia
Investment Management LP(4)
61,146
—
12.4%
—
0.8%
Directors
and Executive Officers of the Company
Michael Minnick(2)
—
5,662,000
—
82.1%
76.6%
Richard Chera(5)
—
298,000
—
4.3%
4.0%
Stephen
Siegel
—
50,000
—
*
*%
Lisa
Holladay
—
50,000
—
*
*
Chris
Rogers
—
50,000
—
*
*
All
directors and executive officers of the Company as a group (5 individuals)
—
6,110,000
—
88.6%
82.7%
*Less
than 1%
(1)Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals prior to a business
combination is 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10019.
(2)CIIG
is the record holder of such shares. Michael Minnick, Chief Executive Officer, is the managing
member of CIIG Management III LLC. Consequently, he may be deemed the beneficial owner of
the shares held by CIIG Management III LLC and have voting and dispositive control over such
securities. Mr. Minnick disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares other than to the
extent he may have a pecuniary interest therein, directly or indirectly. The address for
CIIG Management III LLC, and Michael Minnick is 40 West 57th Street, 29th Floor, New York,
New York 10019.
(3)The
information in the table above regarding Class A ordinary shares is based solely on
information contained in this shareholder’s Schedule 13G/A under the Exchange Act filed
by such shareholder with the SEC on February 14, 2024. The address for the BlackRock, Inc.
is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001.
(4)The
information in the table above regarding Class A ordinary shares is based solely on
information contained in this shareholder’s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed
by such shareholder with the SEC on August 14, 2025. Sandia Investment Management LP. reported
that, as of March 31, 2025, it had shared voting and dispositive power over 61,146 Class
A ordinary shares. Sandia Investment Management LP is the beneficial owner and Timothy Sichler,
who serves as Managing Member of the general partner of Sandia, may be deemed an indirect
beneficial owner of the 61,146 Class A ordinary shares. The address for Sandia Investment
Management LP and Timothy Sichler is 201 Washington Street, Boston, MA 02108.
(5)Crown
PropTech Sponsor is the record holder of such shares and is managed by a board of managers
comprising Mr. Chera and Dr. Pius Sprenger, the Company’s former Chief Financial
Officer and director, who may each be deemed to have voting and investment discretion with
respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC. Each of Mr. Chera
and Dr. Sprenger disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than
to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.
Our
sponsors beneficially own approximately 80.6% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Because of this ownership block, our sponsors
may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to
our Charter and approval of significant corporate transactions.
99
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
In
October 2020, Crown PropTech Sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf
in consideration of 6,900,000 Founder Shares. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder
Shares would represent 20% of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. In February 2021, Crown
PropTech Sponsor transferred 690,000 Founder Shares to our Anchor Investor and transferred 50,000 Founder Shares to each of Crown’s
four independent directors prior to Crown’s initial public offering. In January 2023, Crown PropTech Sponsor and CIIG entered into
the Securities Assignment Agreement, pursuant to which Crown PropTech Sponsor sold 5,662,000 Class B ordinary shares and 250,667
Private Placement Warrants held by it to CIIG. Concurrently with the execution of the Securities Assignment Agreement, Michael Minnick,
the managing member of CIIG, and Gavin Cuneo were appointed co-Chief Executive Officers of the Company. The Founder Shares (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder.
In
February 2021, Crown PropTech Sponsor and our Anchor Investor purchased 4,010,667 and 1,002,666 Private Placement Warrants, respectively
(5,013,333 in the aggregate) for a purchase price of $1.50 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, Crown PropTech Sponsor’s interest and our Anchor Investor’s interest
in this transaction is valued at for an aggregate purchase price of $7,520,000. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the
holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.
Commencing
on the date of the Initial Public Offering, pursuant to an administrative services agreement, the Company agreed to pay Crown PropTech
Sponsor or an affiliate thereof a total of $15,000 per month of Administrative Support Payments. Pursuant to a subsequent letter
agreement dated as of January 17, 2023, Crown PropTech Sponsor is no longer entitled to receive any Administrative Support Payments
and the Company is no longer required to pay any such payments. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not made any Administrative
Support Payments pursuant to the administrative agreement and do not expect to incur any related expenses in the near future.
100
In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Initial Shareholders or an affiliate of
the Initial Shareholders or certain of the Company’s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds
as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a business combination, the Company would repay the
Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be
repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use
a portion of proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the trust account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would be repaid upon consummation of
a business combination, without interest.
On
November 30, 2021, we entered into a convertible note with Richard Chera, our former Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant
to which Mr. Chera agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible Note”). The
Convertible Note was non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of: (i) 12 months from the date thereof or (ii) the date on
which we consummate a business combination. If we do not consummate a business combination, we may use a portion of any funds held outside
the trust account to repay the Convertible Note; however, no proceeds from the trust account may be used for such repayment if we do
not consummate a business combination. On May 31, 2023, the Convertible Note was amended and restated (the “A&R Note”)
in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 to be due on the earlier of: (i) February 11, 2024; (ii) the date on
which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the Company. Additionally,
due to a waiver by Mr. Chera, the A&R Note no longer provides for the Conversion Right.
On
March 28, 2025, the A&R Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 was amended to be due on the earlier of: (i) February
11, 2026; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination; or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the
Company.
After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation.
We
entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which our sponsors, Anchor Investor, and directors will be entitled to certain
registration rights with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if
any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the Founder Shares, as long
as the sponsors and directors hold any securities covered by the registration agreement. On November 10, 2021 (but effective as
of the closing of the Brivo Business Combination), and as part of the Brivo Business Combination, New Brivo, Crown PropTech Sponsor,
Anchor Investor and certain other stockholders and directors and officers of Crown and Brivo entered into an amended and restated registration
rights agreement (“Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement”), which would terminate and replace the existing Registration
Rights Agreement. As part of the termination of the Brivo Business Combination in August 2022, the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement was automatically terminated.
101
Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions
The
audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval
or ratification of “related party transactions.” A “related party transaction” is any consummated or proposed
transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds
(or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of the company’s total assets at year end for
the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in
which a “related party” had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. “Related parties” under
this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more
than 5% of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person
is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a “related person” pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under
the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related
party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm’s-length dealings
with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the
transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying
the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have
on a director’s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board’s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or officer to participate
in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party.
Director
Independence
An
“independent director” is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has
no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with the company). Crown currently has three “independent directors” as defined in the applicable
SEC rules. The Crown Board has determined that Ms. Holladay, Mr. Siegel and Mr. Rogers are “independent directors”
as defined in the applicable SEC rules. Crown’s independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present.
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
On
June 13, 2025, the Company was notified by Marcum LLP (“Marcum”) that Marcum resigned as the independent registered accounting
firm of the Company. On November 1, 2024, CBIZ CPAs P.C. acquired the attest business of Marcum. On June 13, 2025, upon Marcum’s
resignation as auditors of the Company and with the approval of the Company’s Board of Directors, CBIZ CPAs P.C. was engaged as
the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm. The following principal accounting fees and services for Marcum and
CBIZ are combined.
The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to CBIZ for services rendered.
Audit
Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately
$111,180 and $59,014 for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2023 and 2022 financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of our quarterly financial statements.
Audit-Related
Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately
$0 and $82,296 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our registration statement on Form S-4 and Initial Public Offering.
Tax
Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, our fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were
approximately $13,390 and $11,330 for services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
All
Other Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above.
Pre-Approval
Policy
Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit).
102
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
(a)
(1) Financial Statements:
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #199)   F-1
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688)   F-2
Balance Sheets   F-3
Statements of Operations   F-4
Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit   F-5
Statements of Cash Flows   F-6
Notes to Financial Statements   F-7
(2)
Financial Statement Schedules:
None.
(3)
Exhibits
We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.
103
REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Crown PropTech Acquisitions
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Crown
PropTech Acquisitions (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes
in shareholders’ deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition
Corporation that was formed for the purpose of completing a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities on or before March 11, 2026. The Company entered into a business
combination agreement with a business combination target on July 2, 2025; however, the completion of this transaction is subject to the
approval of the Company’s shareholders among other conditions. There is no assurance that the Company will obtain the necessary
approvals, satisfy the required closing conditions, raise the additional capital it needs to fund its operations, and complete the transaction
prior to March 11, 2026, if at all. The Company also has no approved plan in place to extend the business combination deadline and fund
operations for any period of time after March 11, 2026, in the event that it is unable to complete a business combination by that date.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans with
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ CBIZ CPAs P.C.
CBIZ CPAs P.C.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of the attest business of Marcum LLP by CBIZ CPAs P.C. effective November 1, 2024).
New York, NY
September 11, 2025
F-1
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Crown PropTech Acquisitions
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Crown PropTech Acquisitions (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders’
deficit and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern
The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company’s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s cash and working capital at December 31, 2022 are not
sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date
of these financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.
New York, NY
May 2, 2023
F-2
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
BALANCE
SHEETS
December 31,
2023
December 31,
2022
Assets
Current assets:
Cash
$652
$80,212
Prepaid
expenses
2,821
39,616
Total
current assets
3,473
119,828
Investments
held in Trust account
45,065,840
279,998,549
Total
assets
$45,069,313
$280,118,377
Liabilities,
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and Shareholders’ Deficit
Current
liabilities:
Accounts
payable and accrued expenses
$1,365,159
$627,376
Convertible
note – related party
—
666,000
Due
to related party
915,419
339,107
Total
current liabilities
2,280,578
1,632,483
Warrant
liabilities
14
—
Total
liabilities
2,280,592
1,632,483
Commitments
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 4,196,485 and 27,600,000 shares at a redemption value of $10.74 and $10.14 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively
45,065,840
279,998,549
Shareholders’
deficit:
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding
—
—
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding, excluding 4,196,485 and 27,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively
—
—
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 6,900,000 shares issued and outstanding
690
690
Additional
paid-in capital
11,612,285
9,527,941
Accumulated
deficit
(13,890,094)
(11,041,286)
Total
shareholders’ deficit
(2,277,119)
(1,512,655)
Total
liabilities, class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shareholders’ deficit
$45,069,313
$280,118,377
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-3
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS
For the Year Ended
December 31,
2023
2022
Operating
costs
$2,112,830
$4,242,071
Loss
from operations
(2,112,830)
(4,242,071)
Other income (expense)
Settlement of payables
420,536
6,472,941
Non-redemption agreement expense
(1,156,500)
—
Trust dividend income
3,372,354
3,985,204
Change in fair value of warrant liabilities
(14)
8,101,600
Offering expenses related
to warrant issuance
—
479,780
Total other income, net
2,636,376
19,039,525
Net
income
$523,546
$14,797,454
Weighted average redeemable shares outstanding
6,697,135
27,600,000
Basic
and diluted net income per redeemable share
$0.04
$0.43
Weighted average non-redeemable shares outstanding
6,900,000
6,900,000
Basic
and diluted net income per non-redeemable share
$0.04
$0.43
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-4
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Ordinary
Shares
Additional
Total
Class B
Paid-in
Accumulated
Shareholders’
Shares
Amount
Capital
Deficit
Deficit
Balance
as of December 31, 2021
6,900,000
$690
$—
$(21,853,536)
$(21,852,846)
Capital
contribution from Sponsor
—
—
347,721
—
347,721
Waiver
of deferred underwriters’ discount
—
—
9,180,220
—
9,180,220
Remeasurement
of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
—
—
—
(3,985,204)
(3,985,204)
Net
income
—
—
—
14,797,454
14,797,454
Balance
as of December 31, 2022
6,900,000
$690
$9,527,941
$(11,041,286)
$(1,512,655)
Capital
contribution from Sponsors
—
—
325,697
—
325,697
Remeasurement
of ordinary shares subject to redemption value
—
—
—
(3,372,354)
(3,372,354)
Equity
contribution from previous Sponsor in connection with the Securities Assignment Agreement
—
—
263,040
—
263,040
Equity
contribution from previous Sponsor in connection with forgiveness of Administrative Services Agreement
—
—
339,107
—
339,107
Equity
contribution from Non-Redemption Agreements
—
—
1,156,500
—
1,156,500
Net
income
—
—
—
523,546
523,546
Balance
as of December 31, 2023
6,900,000
$690
$11,612,285
$(13,890,094)
$(2,277,119)
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-5
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS
For
the Year Ended
December 31,
2023
2022
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income
$523,546
$14,797,454
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
cash used in operating activities:
Change in fair value of warrant liabilities
14
(8,101,600)
Non-redemption agreement expense
1,156,500
—
Settlement of payables
(420,536)
(6,472,941)
Trust dividend income
(3,372,354)
(3,985,204)
Offering costs allocated to warrants
—
(479,780)
Changes in current assets and current liabilities:
Prepaid expenses
36,795
36,282
Due to related party
—
180,000
Accounts payable and
accrued expenses
1,158,319
3,527,473
Net
cash used in operating activities
(917,716)
(498,316)
Cash Flows from Investing
Activities:
Cash withdrawn from
Trust Account in connection with redemption
238,305,063
—
Net
cash provided by investing activities
238,305,063
—
Cash Flows from Financing
Activities:
Equity contribution from previous Sponsor in
connection with the Securities Assignment Agreement
263,040
—
Proceeds from promissory note to related party
249,419
216,000
Capital contribution from the Sponsor
325,697
347,721
Redemption of Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
(238,305,063)
—
Net
cash (used in) provided by financing activities
(237,466,907)
563,721
Net Change in Cash
(79,560)
65,405
Cash—Beginning of year
80,212
14,807
Cash—Ending of
year
$652
$80,212
Supplemental Disclosure
of Non-cash Financing Activities:
Remeasurement of Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
$3,372,354
$3,985,204
Waiver of deferred underwriters’
discount
$—
$9,180,220
Equity contribution from
Non-Redemption Agreements
$1,156,500
$—
Equity contribution from
previous Sponsor in connection with forgiveness of Administrative Services Agreement
$339,107
$—
The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
F-6
CROWN
PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31, 2023
Note
1 — Organization and Business Operations
Organization
and General
Crown
PropTech Acquisitions (the “Company” or “Crown”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on September 24,
2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited to a particular
industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.
As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2023, relates to the Company’s
formation and the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) described below, and since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective
initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business
Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of dividend income on cash and cash equivalents
from the proceeds derived from the IPO.
Extraordinary
General Meetings
February
9, 2023
Beginning
on January 31, 2023, and continuing until the Company’s February 9, 2023 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders
(“Extraordinary General Meeting”), the Company and CIIG entered into certain non-redemption agreements and assignments of
economic interests (the “Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors (the “Non-Redeeming Investors”).
The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares
held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate
of 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, CIIG has agreed
to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B
ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
On
February 9, 2023, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from February 11,
2023 to February 11, 2024 (the “2023 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the 2023 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 23,403,515 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account (as
defined below). As a result, $238,305,063 (approximately $10.18 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account (described below)
to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 4,196,485 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Notice
of Delisting
On
April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) indicating that the Company is
not in compliance with Section 802.01E of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Form 10-K”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from April 17, 2023 to file the Form 10-K with the
SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-K.
On
May 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-K with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
May 23, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the SEC.
F-7
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from May 22, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q.
On
June 2, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 with the SEC and regained compliance with the NYSE.
On
November 21, 2023, the Company, received a notice from the NYSE indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Section 802.01E
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as a result of its failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2023 (the “Form 10-Q”) with the SEC.
The
NYSE informed the Company that, under NYSE rules, the Company would have six months from November 20, 2023 to file the Form 10-Q with
the SEC. The Company can regain compliance with the NYSE listing standards at any time prior to that date by filing its Form 10-Q. If
the Company fails to file the Form 10-Q before the NYSE’s compliance deadline, the NYSE may grant, at its sole discretion, an extension
of up to six additional months for the Company to regain compliance, depending on the specific circumstances. The notice from the NYSE
also notes that the NYSE may nevertheless commence delisting proceedings at any time if it deems that the circumstances warrant.
On
February 12, 2024, the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) determined that the Company was not in compliance with Section
802.01B and 102.06e of the NYSE Listed Company Manual (the “LCM”) because the Company failed to consummate a Business Combination
within the shorter of (i) the time period specified by its constitutive documents or by contract or (ii) three years. As such, the NYSE
had determined to commence proceedings to delist from the NYSE the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Units.
Trading
of the Company’s securities was suspended on February 12, 2024. The NYSE applied to the SEC to delist the Company’s securities
upon completion of all applicable procedures. The Company did not appeal the staff’s determination and, accordingly, the Company’s
securities were delisted from the NYSE.
Financing
The
registration statement for the Company’s IPO was declared effective on February 8, 2021. On February 11, 2021, the
Company consummated the IPO by issuing 27,600,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the Units being offered, the “public share”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $276,000,000,
which is discussed in Note 3.
Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 5,013,333 warrants (the “Private Placement Warrant”), at
a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, which is discussed in Note 4.
Trust
Account
Following
the closing of the IPO on February 11, 2021, an amount of $276,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”) which is invested in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment
Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, if any, the proceeds from
the IPO and the sale of the private placement units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion
of the Company’s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the
Company’s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 36 months from the closing
of the IPO (or until February 11, 2024), subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject
to the claims of the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public shareholders.
As
discussed above, the Company’s shareholders have agreed to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business
Combination from May 11, 2025 to March 11, 2026.
F-8
Initial
Business Combination
The
Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination.
The
Company’s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to
at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of taxes payable) at the time of the signing an agreement to
enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company
owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.
The
Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion
of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial
Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations,
if any).
The
Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion
of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
$5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval,
a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
The
Company has until March 11, 2026 to consummate a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). However, if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described in the registration statement, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate.
The
Company’s Sponsors, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
Shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period.
In
the event of a liquidation of the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its initial Business Combination by March
11, 2026, Crown PropTech Sponsor (but not CIIG) has agreed that it will indemnify the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third
party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into
a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
less taxes payable, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will
it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). However, the Company has not asked Crown PropTech Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether Crown PropTech Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that Crown PropTech Sponsor’s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure that Crown PropTech Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
F-9
Termination
of the Proposed Brivo Transaction
On
November 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Business Combination agreement (the “Brivo BCA” or the “Brivo Business
Combination Agreement”), by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Crown PropTech Merger Sub I Corp, a Delaware corporation
and wholly owned direct subsidiary of Crown (“Merger Sub I”), (iii) Crown PropTech Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Crown (“Merger Sub II”, and together with Merger Sub I the “Merger
Subs”) and (iv) Brivo, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Brivo” and all the parties to the Brivo Business Combination
Agreement, the “Parties to the Brivo Business Combination Agreement”) (the “Brivo Business Combination”). The
obligation of Brivo to consummate the Brivo Business Combination was subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited
to, the aggregate cash proceeds from Crown’s trust account, together with the proceeds from the sale of the PIPE Notes (as defined
below).
In
connection with the signing of the Brivo Business Combination Agreement, the Company entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription
Agreements”) with certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”). Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreements, each
PIPE Investor had the right to terminate its Subscription Agreement after July 9, 2022, if the closing of the Brivo Business Combination
had not occurred as of such date or at any date and time as the Brivo Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated.
GolubCapital
LLC and its affiliates (together with its affiliates, “Golub”), a PIPE Investor, subscribed for PIPE Notes with an aggregate
principal amount of $68 million. On July 11, 2022, the Company received a notice of election from Golub, notifying the Company
that Golub has elected to terminate Golub’s Subscription Agreement because the Brivo Business Combination had not been consummated
by July 9,2022
On
August 10, 2022, the Company received a notice of election from Brivo, notifying the Company that Brivo had elected to terminate
the Brivo Business Combination. As a result of such election, the Brivo Business Combination was immediately terminated. In addition,
the remaining Subscription Agreements were automatically terminated.
Following
a confidential settlement arrangement, the Company is no longer pursuing any remedies in connection with the termination of the Brivo
Business Combination.
On
January 13, 2023, the Company formally withdrew its Form S-4 Registration Statement from the SEC associated with the Brivo BCA.
Proposed
Business Combination
On
July 2, 2025, (i) the Company (“SPAC”), (ii) Mkango (Cayman) Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Lancaster (as defined below) (“Merger Sub”),
(iii) Lancaster Exploration Limited, a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“Lancaster”, and from
and after the Closing, “PubCo”), and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Mkango Resources Ltd., a company organized under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada (the “Selling Shareholder”), (iv) Mkango Polska s.p. Z.o.o., a company organized under
the laws of Poland and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“MKA Poland”), (v) Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited,
a company organized under the laws of England and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Selling Shareholder (“Mkango ServiceCo”),
and (vi) MKA Exploration Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Selling Shareholder (“MKA BVI”, and together with Lancaster, MKA Poland and Mkango ServiceCo, the “Companies”
and, each, a “Company”) entered into a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”).
The
proposed Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the “Transactions”)
are expected to be consummated after the required approval by the shareholders of SPAC and the satisfaction of certain other conditions
summarized below.
Business
Combination Agreement
Registration
Statement
As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, Lancaster will prepare and file with the SEC
a registration statement on Form F-4 (the “Registration Statement”), which will include a prospectus with respect to PubCo’s
securities to be issued in connection with the Business Combination Agreement and a proxy statement to be distributed to SPAC’s
public shareholders in connection with SPAC’s solicitation of proxies for the vote by SPAC’s shareholders with respect to
the proposed business combination and other matters to be described in the Registration Statement.
F-10
Representations
and Warranties
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, in each case relating to, among other
things, their ability to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and their outstanding capitalization. The representations and
warranties will not survive the Closing, and the Business Combination Agreement does not provide for indemnification with respect to
any of the representations and warranties of the parties thereto.
Covenants
The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants requiring (i) the parties
to conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course through the Closing Date, (ii) the parties not to solicit, initiate, submit,
facilitate, discuss or negotiate with third parties regarding alternative transactions and comply with certain related restrictions,
(iii) the parties to prepare, and PubCo to file, the Registration Statement with the SEC and (iv) SPAC and the Companies using commercially
reasonable efforts to execute financing agreements raising $25.75 million or more in aggregate gross proceeds prior to or at the Closing.
Governance
The
Business Combination Agreement provides that, immediately following the Closing, the board of directors of PubCo (i) will consist of
one (1) director designated in writing by SPAC, reasonably acceptable to Lancaster and qualifying as an independent director, and up
to six (6) other directors designated in writing by Lancaster, after consultation with SPAC, and (ii) will be divided into three (3)
classes of directors with staggered terms. The management team of PubCo immediately following the Closing will consist solely of Lancaster’s
current management team.
Closing;
Conditions to Closing
The
Closing will occur within three (3) business days following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions, or at such other
time or in such other manner as agreed upon by SPAC and the Companies in writing.
Termination
The
Business Combination Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time of the
Merger, as follows:
●by
mutual written consent of SPAC and Lancaster;
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if the Closing has not occurred by March 11, 2026 (and no material
breach of the Business Combination Agreement by the party seeking to terminate primarily
caused or resulted in the failure of the Transactions to be consummated by such time);
●by
either Lancaster or SPAC if any governmental authority has enacted, issued, promulgated,
enforced, or entered any governmental order which has become final and nonappealable and
has the effect of making consummation of the Transactions illegal or otherwise preventing
or prohibiting consummation of the Transactions;
●by
either the Lancaster or SPAC if the SPAC shareholders do not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Selling Shareholder does not approve the Transactions;
●by
SPAC if the Companies fail to deliver either of the Technical Report Summary or Lancaster’s
2024 and 2023 audited financial statements on or before August 31, 2025;
●by
SPAC if: (i) any Company or any of their subsidiaries enters into bankruptcy, receivership,
administration, restructuring, corporate rescue or other similar proceedings or (ii) a liquidator,
administrator, restructuring officer, or similar person is appointed on behalf of a Company;
●by
either the Companies or SPAC upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant,
or agreement on the part of the other in the Business Combination Agreement or in any other
agreements relating to the Transactions and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days
following receipt of a written notice of such breach; or
●by
written notice from Lancaster to SPAC if the closing of a convertible note transaction between
Lancaster and CIIG Management III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an existing
sponsor of SPAC (“CIIG III”), which is conditioned on the public filing of the
Registration Statement, is not consummated in accordance with the terms of the convertible
note.
F-11
If
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated, the Business Combination Agreement will become void and have no effect, without any
liability on the part of any party thereto or its respective affiliates, officers, directors, or shareholders, other than liability of
the Companies or SPAC, as the case may be, for fraud or for any willful and material breach of the Business Combination Agreement occurring
prior to such termination.
Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern
As
of December 31, 2023, the Company had cash outside the Trust Account of $652 available for working capital needs and working capital
deficit of $2,277,105. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account is generally unavailable for the Company’s use, prior to an
initial Business Combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem Class A ordinary shares. As
of December 31, 2023, none of the amount in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above.
Through
December 31, 2023, the Company’s liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares,
the remaining net proceeds from the IPO, the sale of Private Placement Warrants, the Promissory Note (as defined below), the Working
Capital Loan (as defined below) and capital contributions from the Sponsors of $673,418.
The
Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of it financing and acquisition plans. The Company
lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from
the issuance date of the financial statements are issued. Although no formal agreement exists, the Sponsors are committed to extend loans
as needed (see Note 5).
Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential merger target, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to in on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, or that its plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful.
In
connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board’s
Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern,” management has determined that the above liquidity issues and the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution,
should the Company be unable to complete a Business Combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern. The Company has until March 11, 2026, or by the end of any extension to the Combination Period, to consummate a Business
Combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of
time within one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date,
there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after March 11, 2026.
Risks
and Uncertainties
The
United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the
ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia. In response to the ongoing
Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe,
and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions
against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society
for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also
provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, or have undertaken or will undertake
military strikes in Southwest Asia, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and
the escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries
have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact
of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity
prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally,
any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity
in capital markets. Any of the above-mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other
geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia
and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Company’s search for an initial Business Combination and
any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial Business Combination.
Recent
changes in international trade policies, tariffs and macroeconomic conditions have created and are expected to create global economic
consequences. The specific impact on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and completion of a Business
Combination is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
F-12
NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis
of Presentation
The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Principles
of Consolidation
The
accompanying financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Emerging
Growth Company Status
The
Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.
Use
of Estimates
The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash
and Cash Equivalents
The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 or 2022.
Investments
Held in Trust Account
At
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Trust Account had $45,065,840 and $279,998,549 held in marketable securities, respectively. Such securities
are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of the reporting period. Dividends earned on these securities are included
in trust dividend income in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account
are determined using available market information. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company withdrew $238,305,063
and $0, respectively, of principal and dividend income from the Trust Account in connection with redemptions.
F-13
Concentration
of Credit Risk
Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution,
which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has
not experienced losses on this account.
Class A
Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption
The
Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480
“Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as
shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to
be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2023
and 2022, 4,196,485 and 27,600,000, respectively, shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ deficit section of the Company’s balance sheets.
As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheets are reconciled
in the following table:
Shares
Amount
Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021
27,600,000
$276,013,345
Plus:
Remeasurement
of carrying value to redemption value
—
3,985,204
Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022
27,600,000
$279,998,549
Less:
Redemption
(23,403,515)
(238,305,063)
Plus:
Remeasurement
of carrying value to redemption value
—
3,372,354
Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023
4,196,485
$45,065,840
Net
Income per Ordinary Shares
The
Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as redeemable Class A ordinary shares and non-redeemable Class B ordinary
shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Private and public warrants to purchase 14,213,333
Class A ordinary shares at $11.50 per share were issued on February 11, 2021. No warrants were exercised during the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022. The calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants
issued in connection with the (i) IPO, (ii) exercise of over-allotment, and (iii) Private Placement since the exercise of the
warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic
net income per ordinary share for the periods.
For the Years
Ended December 31,
2023
2022
Redeemable
Non-Redeemable
Redeemable
Non-Redeemable
Basic and diluted net income per share
Numerator:
Allocation
of net income including remeasurement of temporary equity
$257,867
$265,679
$11,837,963
$2,959,491
Denominator
Weighted-average shares
outstanding
6,697,135
6,900,000
27,600,000
6,900,000
Basic
and diluted net income per share
$0.04
$0.04
$0.43
$0.43
F-14
Share
Based Compensation
The
Company complies with ASC 718 Compensation—Stock Compensation regarding Founder Shares acquired by directors and independent advisors
of the Company at prices below fair value. The acquired shares vested upon granting of the shares. The Founder Shares owned by the director
(1) may not be sold or transferred, until one year after the consummation of a Business Combination, (2) are not entitled to
redemption from the funds held in the Trust Account, or any liquidating distributions. If the Company does not consummate a Business
Combination during the Combination Period, the Company will liquidate and the shares will become worthless.
Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented
in the balance sheets.
Derivative
Warrant Liabilities
The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates
all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants and working capital loan options, to determine if such instruments
are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative
instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period.
The
Company accounts for its 14,213,333 ordinary share warrants issued in connection with its IPO (9,200,000) and Private Placement (5,013,333)
as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities
at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each
balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company’s statements of operations.
Working
Capital Loans Option
On
November 30, 2021, Richard Chera, the Company’s former Chief Executive Officer and director agreed to loan the Company up
to $1,500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Company (“Working Capital Loan”). At December 31, 2022,
at the option of Richard Chera, the outstanding principal of $666,000 may be converted into that number of warrants equal to the outstanding
principal of the note divided by $1.50 (444,000 warrants). The option (“Working Capital Loan Option”) to convert the
Working Capital Loan into warrants qualified as an embedded derivative under ASC 815 and was required to be reported at fair value. On
May 31, 2023, Richard Chera agreed to waive the right to convert the amounts due under the Working Capital Loan into warrants.
At December 31, 2023, the Working Capital Loan Option no longer existed and at December 31, 2022 the value of the Working Capital
Loan Option was $0. In accordance with ASC Topic 470, “Liabilities” the Company has determined the waiver of the right
to convert is a debt modification. As such, there is no effect on the Company’s financial statements.
Income
Taxes
The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes,” which requires an asset and liability approach to
financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted
tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statements recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is
the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviation from its position.
The
Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently
not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s
tax provision was zero for the period presented.
F-15
Recent
Accounting Standards
In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07),
which improves reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses
among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company’s management believes the adoption
of ASU 2023-07 does not have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures.
In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires
disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among
other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company’s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and
disclosures.
Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company’s financial statements.
Securities
Assignment Agreement
On
January 17, 2023, pursuant to the Securities Assignment Agreement, CIIG, acquired an aggregate of 5,662,000 Class B ordinary
shares and 250,667 Private Placement Warrants of the Company from Crown PropTech Sponsor in a private transaction.
As
the transaction is between the previous Sponsor and the current Sponsor, the transaction does not involve the Company issuing, repurchasing,
or modifying its own equity or warrants. As such, there was no impact the the Company’s financial statements.
In
association with the Securities Assignment Agreement, the prior Sponsor agreed to pay certain operating expenses of the Company. In accordance
with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) Topic 5T, the Company recognized an equity contribution on the statement of changes
in shareholders’ deficit of $263,040 for the value of the operating expenses paid by the previous Sponsor.
Non-Redemption
Agreements
Beginning on January 31, 2023, and continuing until the Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into the Non-Redemption Agreements with the Non-Redeeming Investors. The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate of 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Investors to be $1,156,500 or $0.77 per share.
Each
Non-Redeeming Investor acquired from the Sponsors an indirect economic interest in the Founder Shares. The value of the Non-Redemption
Agreements is reported as a component of shareholders’ deficit. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined
to be non-redemption agreement expense in accordance with SAB Topic 5T.
Note
3 — Initial Public Offering
Pursuant to
the IPO, the Company sold 27,600,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par
value $0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50
per share.
Note
4 — Private Placement Warrants
Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, Crown PropTech Sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. (collectively,
the “Anchor Investor”) purchased an aggregate of 5,013,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($7,520,000
in the aggregate), each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per
share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust
Account.
F-16
Note
5 — Related Party Transactions
Founder
Shares
On
October 13, 2020, the Company issued 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares to Crown PropTech Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of $25,000 (the “Founder Shares”). On February 9, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of 0.2 of a Class B
ordinary share for each Class B ordinary share, resulting in 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares being issued and outstanding.
On
February 11, 2021, Crown PropTech Sponsor transferred 690,000 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors for $2,500. In February 2021,
Crown PropTech Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 250,000 Founder Shares to four of the Company’s independent directors and two
independent advisors. Immediately after transferring shares to the Anchor Investors, directors and advisors, Crown PropTech Sponsor owned
5,960,000 Founder Shares.
On
January 17, 2023, CIIG entered into the Assignment Agreement, by and among Crown PropTech Sponsor, CIIG and Richard Chera, whereby
the Crown PropTech Sponsor sold, transferred and assigned 5,662,000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company and 250,667 private placement
warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of the Company to CIIG. Total consideration paid for the class B ordinary shares and
private placement warrants was $21,717.
Crown PropTech Sponsor,
CIIG and the Anchor Investor have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares until the
earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the date following the completion of
a Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after a Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup.
Promissory
Note—Related Party
On
July 20, 2023, CIIG advanced the Company $114,419 in to be used for working capital. The loaned funds advanced to the Company are non-interest
bearing and are due upon demand.
In
December 2023, $135,000 borrowed under the A&R Note (discussed below) were reclassified as due to related party on the balance sheet.
At
December 31, 2023, the Company reported $915,419 as due to related party on the balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, the Company reported
$666,000 as convertible note – related party and $339,107 as due to related party.
Administrative
Support Agreement
Commencing
on the date of the IPO, the Company agreed to pay Crown PropTech Sponsor a total of $15,000 per month for office space and administrative
support services. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company would cease paying
these monthly fees. On January 17, 2023, Crown PropTech Sponsor agreed to waive all amounts due under the administrative support
agreement and cease charging future fees. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, $0 and $339,107, respectively, was reported on the
balance sheets as due to related party. With the waiver of the Administrative support services fees, at December 31, 2023, $339,107 is
included in the statements of changes in shareholders’ deficit.
Working
Capital Loans
In order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate of the initial shareholders
or certain of the Company’s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working
Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination is not consummated, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s
discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at
a price of $1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
On
November 30, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible note with Richard Chera, its former Chief Executive Officer and director,
pursuant to which Mr. Chera agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible
Note”). The Convertible Note was non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of: (i) 12 months from the date thereof or (ii) the
date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company
may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Convertible Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account
may be used for such repayment if the Company does not consummate the Business Combination. Up to $1,500,000 of the Convertible Note
may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of Mr. Chera (the “Conversion Right”).
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
F-17
On May 31,
2023, the Convertible Note was amended and restated (the “A&R Note”) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000
to be due on the earlier of: (i) February 11, 2024; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination;
or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the Company. Additionally, due to a waiver by Mr. Chera, the A&R Note no
longer provides for the Conversion Right.
Note
6 — Commitments & Contingencies
Registration
Rights
The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
(and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of
these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements.
Underwriters
Agreement
A
deferred underwriting discount of $0.35 per Unit, or $9,660,000 in the aggregate, was payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. In December 2022, the underwriters agreed to waive their right to receive the deferred underwriting discount.
Advisory
Service Agreements
The
Company has enlisted various entities as capital market advisors to assist in the identification and consummation of an initial Business
Combination.
During
the fourth quarter of 2022 these contracts with the advisors have been terminated and no amounts were paid or due under the contracts.
Attorney
Fees
The
Company incurred legal fees in connection with the proposed Brivo Business Combination, none of which were payable until consummation
of the proposed Brivo Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company fully paid a settled amount in legal fees associated
with the Brivo Business Combination.
Settlement
of Payables
For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company settled payables of $759,643 and $6,472,941, respectively, due to vendors and
related parties in accordance with ASC Topic 405 “Liabilities”.
The
2023 settlement of payables of $759,643 included $339,107 with a related party in relation to the Administrative Services Agreement.
As this is with a related party, the Company recognized $339,107 in the statement of changes in shareholders’ deficit for the settlement
of these payables. The remaining $420,536 was recognized as a gain in the statement of operations.
The
Company recognized a gain of $6,472,941 in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the settlement of payables.
In
addition, in December 2022, the underwriters agreed to waive their right to receive the deferred underwriting discount of $0.35 per Unit,
or $9,660,000 in the aggregate, that was to be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes an initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022 in relation to the waiver of the deferred
underwriting discount, the Company recognized other income of $479,780 for offering costs related to warrant issuance and an increase
in additional paid-in capital of $9,180,220.
F-18
Note
7 — Shareholders’ Deficit
Preference Shares
—The Company is authorized to issue a total of 1,000,000 preference shares at par value of $0.0001 each. At December 31,
2023 and 2022, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.
Class A
Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to issue a total of 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares at par value
of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,196,485 and 27,600,000 shares
subject to possible redemption, respectively).
Class B
Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to issue a total of 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares at par value
of $0.0001 each. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares issued or outstanding.
Holders of
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to
a vote of shareholders, except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors prior to the Company’s initial Business Combination.
The Class B ordinary
shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the completion of a Business
Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the
total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the sponsor, officers or directors
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one
basis.
Note
8 — Warrants
Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole
warrants will trade. The Public Warrants become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
and (b) 12 months from the closing of the IPO. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
The Company
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying
its obligations with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available.
The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of the Company’s
Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the
registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions
of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another
exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on
a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants for redemption:
●in
whole and not in part;
F-19
●at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
●upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
●to
each warrant holder; and
●if, and only if, the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.
If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for
redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary
dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not
be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required
to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and
the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with
respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless.
In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A
ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such
issuance to the sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates, as
applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination, and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day
prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20
per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 and $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 100% and 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively.
The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the IPO, except that (x) the
Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions,
(y) the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the
initial purchasers or their permitted transferees and (z) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held
by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the
Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.
Note
9 — Fair Value Measurements
Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:
●Level 1,
defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments
in active markets;
●Level 2,
defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or
indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and
●Level 3,
defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring
an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques
in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.
F-20
Recurring
Fair Value Measurements
The
Company’s permitted investments consist of U.S. Money Market funds. Fair values of these investments are determined by Level 1
inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets.
The
Company’s warrant liability for the Public Warrants is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. The fair value of the Public Warrant liability is classified within Level 1
of the fair value hierarchy.
The
Company’s management believes the Private Warrants are economically equivalent to the Public Warrants. As such, the valuation of
the Private Warrants is based on the valuation of the Public Warrants. The fair value of the Private Warrant liability is classified
within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy due to the Company using quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets. At
December 31, 2023, there was insufficient trading activity for the Public Warrants to be classified as Level 1 and was reclassified as
Level 2.
At
December 31, 2022, the Company utilized an internal model to value the Working Capital Loan option utilizing inputs from observable
and unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets. The inputs used to determine the fair value
of the Working Capital Loan option liability were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. On May 31, 2023, Richard
Chera agreed to waive the right to convert the amounts due under the Working Capital Loan into warrants. At December 31, 2023, the Working
Capital Loan Option no longer existed.
The
following table presents fair value information of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair
value on a recurring basis and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such
fair value.
December
31, 2023
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Description
Assets:
Investments
held in Trust Account
$45,065,840
$—
$—
Liabilities:
Public
Warrants
$—
$9
$—
Private
Warrants
—
5
—
Fair
Value of warrants
$—
$14
$—
December 31,
2022
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets:
Investments
held in Trust Account
$279,998,549
$—
$—
Liabilities:
Working
Capital Loan Option
$—
$—
$—
Public
Warrants
—
—
—
Private
Warrants
—
—
—
Fair
Value of warrants and Working Capital Loan Option
$—
$—
$—
F-21
Note
10 — Subsequent Events
The Company
evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events, other than discussed in the Notes and below,
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.
Change
in Management
On
February 15, 2024, Gavin Cuneo notified the Company of his decision to resign as the co-chief executive officer of the Company, effective
immediately. Mr. Cuneo also served as the Company’s principal financial and accounting officer and resigned from such positions
as well. Mr. Cuneo’s decision to resign was not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating
to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.
Michael
Minnick, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, assumed the role of principal financial and accounting officer of the Company effective
upon Mr. Cuneo’s resignation. Mr. Minnick has served as the Company’s Co-Chief Executive Officer since January 2023.
Listing
Notices
On
February 12, 2024, the NYSE determined that the Company was not in compliance with Section 802.01B and 102.06e of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual (the “LCM”) because the Company failed to consummate a Business Combination within the shorter of (i) the time period
specified by its constitutive documents or by contract or (ii) three years. As such, the NYSE had determined to commence proceedings
to delist from the NYSE the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and Units.
Trading
of the Company’s securities was suspended on February 12, 2024. The NYSE applied to the SEC to delist the Company’s securities
upon completion of all applicable procedures. The Company did not appeal the staff’s determination and, accordingly, the Company’s
securities were delisted from the NYSE.
Shareholder
Meetings
February
9, 2024
On
February 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination
from February 11, 2024 to August 11, 2024 (the “February 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 2,195,847 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account. As a result, $23,724,846 (approximately $10.80 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account to redeem such shares.
Following the redemptions, there were 2,000,638 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into the February 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements
with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind any redemption requests on) their Class
A ordinary shares of the Company (the “February 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary
General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG immediately following the consummation
of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such February 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares through the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary
General Meeting.
The
February 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of up to 464,414 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
held by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the February 9,
2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
F-22
August
9, 2024
On
August 9, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Third Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from August 11,
2024 to May 11, 2025 (the “August 2024 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the August 2024 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 1,487,025 shares of the
Company’s Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account (as defined below). As a result, $16,484,256 (approximately $11.09 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account (described
below) to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 513,613 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “August
2024 Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind
any redemption requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “August 2024 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection
with the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by
CIIG immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such August 2024 Non-Redeemed
Shares through the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
August 2024 Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate of 115,287 Class B ordinary
shares held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem an aggregate
of 461,146 Class A ordinary shares at the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting.
May
9, 2025
On
May 9, 2025, the Company’s shareholders approved an amendment to amend and restate the Company’s Fourth Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial Business Combination from May
11, 2025 to March 11, 2026 (the “May 2025 Extension Proposal”).
In
connection with the vote to approve the May 2025 Extension Proposal, shareholders holding an aggregate of 21,807 shares of the Company’s
Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account (as
defined below). As a result approximately, $0.25 million (approximately $11.47 per share) was withdrawn from the Trust Account (described
below) to redeem such shares. Following the redemptions, there were 491,806 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.
Associated
with the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into non-redemption agreements (the “May 2025
Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain investors pursuant to which, if such investors do not redeem (or validly rescind any redemption
requests on) their Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the “May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the May
9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, CIIG will agree to transfer to such investors Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG immediately
following the consummation of an initial Business Combination if they continue to hold such May 2025 Non-Redeemed Shares through the
May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting.
The
May 2025 Non-Redemption Agreements provided for the assignment of up 115,287 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, held
by CIIG to the investors in exchange for such Investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary
General Meeting.
F-23
Revised
A&R Note
On
March 28, 2025, the A&R Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000,000 was amended to be due on the earlier of: (i) February
11, 2026; (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination; or (iii) the effective date of a liquidation of the
Company.
Non-Redemption
Agreements
Beginning
on February 7, 2024, and continuing until the February 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into the Non-Redemption
Agreements with the Non-Redeeming Investors. The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate
of 464,414 Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing
to hold and not redeem an aggregate of 1,857,655 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 464,414 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
Beginning
on August 8, 2024, and continuing until the August 9, 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into the Non-Redemption
Agreements with the Non-Redeeming Investors. The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate
of 115,287 Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing
to hold and not redeem an aggregate of 461,146 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 115,287 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
Beginning
on May 6, 2025, and continuing until the May 9, 2025 Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company and CIIG entered into the Non-Redemption
Agreements with the Non-Redeeming Investors. The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the assignment of economic interest of an aggregate
of 115,287 Class B ordinary shares held by CIIG to the Non-Redeeming Investors in exchange for such Non-Redeeming Investors agreeing
to hold and not redeem an aggregate of 461,146 Class A ordinary shares at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, CIIG has agreed to transfer to such Non-Redeeming Investors an aggregate of 115,287 Class A ordinary shares upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of an initial Business Combination.
Financial
Advisor Service Agreement
On
June 1, 2025, the Company engaged Jett Capital Advisors, LLC (“Jett Capital”) as financial advisor to advise the Company
on their proposed Business Combination with Lancaster Exploration Limited, Mkango Polska S.P.Z.O.O., MKA BVI, and Mkango ServiceCo UK
Limited.
F-24
The
Company has agreed to pay Jett Capital as follows:
Work
Fee
A
work fee of $100,000 upon the execution of the agreement. As of the filing of this Form 10-K, this work fee has not been paid.
Transaction
Fee; Business Combination
Upon
the Company closing a Business Combination, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee payable as follows:
i.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are $15.0 million, or less, Jett Capital shall
receive a cash transaction fee equal to $2.5 million with $500,000 of the cash transaction
fee paid at close of the Business Combination, and $2.0 million of the cash transaction fee
deferred and payable upon close of the first offering completed by Mkango following the Business
Combination.
ii.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are greater than $15.0 million, but less than
$25.0 million, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $2.5 million with
the cash transaction fee paid at close of the Business Combination equal to 50% of every
dollar in proceeds (net of offering fees) above $15.0 million paid in cash up to a total
of $2.5 million and any remaining balance owed on the $2.5 million cash transaction fee deferred
and payable upon close of the first offering completed by Mkango following the Business Combination.
iii.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are equal to or greater than $25.0 million, but
less than $35.0 million, Jett Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $4.5
million with $2.5 million of the cash transaction fee paid at close of the Business Combination.
and $2.0 million of the cash transaction fee deferred and payable upon close of the first
offering completed by Mkango following the Business Combination.
iv.In
the event that the proceeds (net of offering fees paid to advisors in the offering(s)) raised
in connection with the Business Combination are equal to greater than $35.0 million, Jett
Capital shall receive a cash transaction fee equal to $4.5 million at close of the Business
Combination.
Offering
Fee; Business Combination PIPE
For
any offering, or combination of offerings that provide incremental gross proceeds beyond the Trust Account of the Company to Mkango at
close of the Business Combination (the “Business Combination PIPE” or the “PIPE”), Jett Capital shall be a Joint-Placement
Agent in this PIPE with Cohen & Company Capital Markets (“CCM”), each collecting fifty percent (50.0%) of a cash fee
equal to four and a half percent (4.5%) of the gross proceeds raised in the PIPE.
Offering
Fee; Equity Offering
Upon
the Company closing an equity or equity-linked offering following the close of the Business Combination, Jett Capital shall be a Joint
Placement Agent in the equity or equity-linked Offering and receive 50% of a cash fee equal to six percent (6.0%) of the total offering
size payable at offering close from immediately available funds.
Offering
Fee; Debt Offering
Upon
the Company closing a debt offering following the close of the proposed Business Combination, Jett Capital shall be a Joint Placement
Agent in the debt offering and receive 50% of a cash fee equal to three percent (3.0%) of the total Offering size payable at offering
close from immediately available funds.
Proposed
Business Combination
As
discussed in Note 1, on July 2, 2025, (i) the Company (“SPAC”), (ii) Mkango (Cayman) Limited, (iii) Lancaster Exploration
Limited, (iv) Mkango Polska s.p. Z.o.o., (v) Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited, and (vi) MKA Exploration Ltd., entered into a business combination
agreement.
F-25
(b) Exhibits.
Exhibit
Number
Description
of Document
2.1†
Business
Combination Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2025, by and among CPTK, Lancaster Exploration Limited, Mkango Polska S.P.Z.O.O., MKA
Exploration Limited, Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited and Mkango (Cayman) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2025 (file no. 001-40017).
3.1
Second
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on February 9, 2023 (file no. 001-40017)).
3.2
Third
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on February 12, 2024 (file no. 001-40017)).
3.3
Fourth
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on August 13, 2024 (file no. 001-40017)).
3.4
Fifth
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
8-K filed on May 9, 2025 (file no. 001-40017)).
4.1
Specimen
Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 21, 2021
(file no. 333-252307)).
4.2
Specimen
Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 21,
2021 (file no. 333-252307)).
4.3
Specimen
Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 21, 2021
(file no. 333-252307)).
4.4
Warrant
Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, (file no. 001-40017)).
4.5*
Description
of Securities
4.6
Form
of Warrant Assignment and Assumption ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to Exhibit 2.1
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2025 (file no. 001-40017)).
10.1
Amended
& Restated Promissory Note, dated March 28, 2025, issued by the registrant to Richard Chera (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023,  filed March 31, 2025 (file no. 001-40017)).
10.2
Securities
Purchase Agreement between CPTK and CPTK’s sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed January 21, 2021 (file no. 333-252307)).
10.3
Private
Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as February 8, 2021, between CPTK and CPTK’s sponsor (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, (file no. 001-40017)).
10.4
Investment
Management Trust Agreement between CPTK and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, (file no. 001-40017)).
10.5
Registration
Rights Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, among CPTK, CPTK’s sponsor and certain equity holders of CPTK (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, (file no. 001-40017)).
10.6
Letter
Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between CPTK and CPTK’s sponsor, officers and directors (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 11, 2021, (file no. 001-40017)).
10.7
Form
of Administrative Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed on January 21, 2021 (file No. 333-252307)).
10.8
Letter Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and between Crown PropTech Acquisitions and Crown PropTech Sponsor.
10.9
Shareholder
Support Agreement, dated July 2, 2025, by and among CPTK, Mkango Resources Ltd., Lancaster Exploration Limited, Mkango ServiceCo
UK Limited and MKA Exploration Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July
3, 2025 (file no. 001-40017).
104
Exhibit
Number
Description
of Document
10.10
Sponsor
Support Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2025, by and among CPTK, CIIG Management III LLC, the investor parties thereto, Lancaster
Exploration Limited, Mkango Polska s.p. Z.o.o., Mkango ServiceCo UK Limited and MKA Exploration Limited (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2025 (file no. 001-40017).
10.11
Amended
and Restated Promissory Note, dated January 17, 2023, issued by Crown PropTech Acquisitions to Richard Chera (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 filed June 2, 2023 (file
No. 001-40017)).
10.12
Letter
Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, by and among Crown PropTech Sponsor, LLC, Richard Chera and CIIG Management III LLC (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2023 (file no. 001-40017)).
10.13
Form
of Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2023 (file no. 001-40017)).
10.14
Form
of Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest in connection with the February 2024 EGM (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2024 (SEC file no. 001-40017)).
10.15
Form
of Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest in connection with the August 2024 EGM (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2024 (SEC file no. 001-40017)).
10.13
Form
of Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest in connection with the May 2025 EGM (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2025 (SEC file no. 001-40017)).
31.1*
Certification
of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1**
Certification
of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
97.1*
Clawback
Policy
101.INS
Inline XBRL
Instance Document
101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Schema Document
101.CAL
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Definition Linkbase Document
101.DRF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document
104
Cover
Page Interaction Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with application taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101).
†Schedules
omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
*Filed
herewith.
**These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference
in such filing.
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
Not
applicable.
105
SIGNATURES
Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
CROWN PROPTECH ACQUISITIONS
Date: September 11, 2025
By:
/s/ Michael
Minnick
Name:
Michael Minnick
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature
Title
Date
/s/ Michael Minnick
Chief Executive Officer
September 11, 2025
Michael Minnick
(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Richard Chera
Director (Chairman)
September 11, 2025
Richard Chera
/s/ Lisa Holladay
Director
September 11, 2025
Lisa Holladay
/s/ Stephen Siegel
Director
September 11, 2025
Stephen Siegel
/s/ Christopher Rogers
Director
September 11, 2025
Christopher Rogers
106
00-0000000
0001827899
false
FY
0001827899
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
2023-06-30
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2025-09-11
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2025-09-11
0001827899
2023-12-31
0001827899
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:CommonClassASubjectToRedemptionMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:CommonClassASubjectToRedemptionMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:RedeemableSharesMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:RedeemableSharesMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:NonRedeemableSharesMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:NonRedeemableSharesMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2021-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2021-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2021-12-31
0001827899
2021-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
cptkw:NonRedemptionAgreementsMember
2023-02-09
2023-02-09
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
cptkw:NonRedemptionAgreementsMember
2023-02-09
2023-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:NonRedemptionAgreementsMember
2023-02-09
2023-02-09
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-02-09
2023-02-09
0001827899
2023-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:CommonClassSubjectToRedemptionMember
2023-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:TwoZeroTwoThreeExtensionProposaMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-02-09
0001827899
us-gaap:IPOMember
2021-02-11
2021-02-11
0001827899
us-gaap:IPOMember
2021-02-11
0001827899
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:IPOMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:GolubCapitalLLCMember
cptkw:PIPENotesMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2021-02-11
2021-02-11
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2021-02-11
0001827899
us-gaap:WarrantMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
2021-11-30
0001827899
us-gaap:WarrantMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:SecuritiesAssignmentAgreementMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
cptkw:SecuritiesAssignmentAgreementMember
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
2023-01-17
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2023-01-31
2023-01-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-31
2023-01-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
cptkw:NonRedemptionAgreementsMember
2023-01-31
2023-01-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
cptkw:NonRedemptionAgreementsMember
2023-01-31
0001827899
cptkw:OrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionMember
2021-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:OrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:OrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:OrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:OrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:RedeemableMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:NonRedeemableMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:RedeemableMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:NonRedeemableMember
2022-01-01
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:IPOMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:IPOMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:IPOMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:IPOMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
cptkw:AnchorInvestorMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:WarrantMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:FounderSharesMember
cptkw:SponsorMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2020-10-13
2020-10-13
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2021-02-09
2021-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:FounderSharesMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2021-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:FounderSharesMember
2021-02-11
2021-02-11
0001827899
cptkw:FounderSharesMember
2021-02-28
2021-02-28
0001827899
cptkw:SponsorMember
2021-02-28
2021-02-28
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
cptkw:ArrangementOneMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
cptkw:ArrangementOneMember
2023-01-17
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-17
0001827899
srt:MinimumMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
srt:MaximumMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-17
2023-01-17
0001827899
cptkw:PromissoryNoteWithRelatedPartyMember
2023-07-20
0001827899
cptkw:ARNoteMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:SponsorMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:MinimumMember
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:MaximumMember
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:AdministrativeSupportAgreementMember
cptkw:SponsorMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:BusinessCombinationMemberMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:BusinessCombinationMemberMember
us-gaap:WarrantMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
cptkw:ConvertibleNoteMember
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2021-11-30
0001827899
srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
2021-11-30
2021-11-30
0001827899
srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
us-gaap:WarrantMember
2021-11-30
0001827899
cptkw:ConvertibleNoteMember
2023-05-31
2023-05-31
0001827899
us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:MinimumMember
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
srt:MaximumMember
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivateWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivateWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PrivateWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2023-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
cptkw:WorkingCapitalLoanOptionMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
cptkw:WorkingCapitalLoanOptionMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
cptkw:WorkingCapitalLoanOptionMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:PublicWarrantsMember
us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member
us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
2022-12-31
0001827899
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
2024-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
cptkw:CommonClassSubjectToRedemptionMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
2024-02-09
0001827899
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
cptkw:August2024ExtensionProposalMember
2024-08-09
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
2024-08-09
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
cptkw:RedemptionsClassAOrdinarySharesMember
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2024-08-09
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2024-08-09
2024-08-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
2025-05-09
2025-05-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
2025-05-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
cptkw:February2024ExtensionProposalMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2025-05-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2025-05-09
2025-05-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2025-05-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
cptkw:ARNoteMember
2025-03-28
2025-03-28
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
2024-02-09
0001827899
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember
2024-02-09
2024-02-09
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassBMember
2025-05-06
2025-05-06
0001827899
srt:ScenarioForecastMember
us-gaap:CommonClassAMember
2025-05-06
2025-05-06
0001827899
cptkw:JettCapitalMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
xbrli:pure