false
2024
FY
0001765048
0001765048
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001765048
2025-07-22
0001765048
2024-12-31
0001765048
2023-12-31
0001765048
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2022-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2022-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2022-12-31
0001765048
2022-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2023-01-01
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2023-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:CommonStockMember
2024-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
2024-12-31
0001765048
us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember
2024-12-31
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024
or
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period
from ____________ to ____________
Commission File Number 333-229830
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
(Exact name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter)
Nevada
7370
32-0575017
(State or Other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(Primary Standard Industrial
Classification Number)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
66 West Flagler Street, Suite 900 #3040, Miami,
FL 33130
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
Tel: +1251-2629446
(Registrant’s phone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange
on which registered
Common stock
GCGJ
OTC Markets
Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes
☐   No ☒
Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes
☐   No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes ☒
No ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes ☒
No ☐
Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
Yes
☐
No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☐
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated Filer
☒
Smaller reporting company
☒
Emerging growth company
☐
If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐
If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes
☒   No ☐
The aggregate market
value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 22, 2025, was $3,871
approximately based  3,870,600 common shares issued and outstanding.
Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
Class
Outstanding
as of July 21, 2025
Common Stock, $.001 par value
3,870,600
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
FORM 10-K
For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024
Index
Page #
PART I
Item 1.
Business
4
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
4
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
20
Item 2.
Properties
20
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
20
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
20
Item 6.
Selected Financial Data
20
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
21
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
23
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
23
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures
23
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedure
24
Item 9B.
Other Information
25
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
25
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
27
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
28
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
28
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
29
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
30
SIGNATURES
31
2
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current
expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “foresee,” “estimate” and variations of these words and similar expressions
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or forecasted.
This report should be
read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking
statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring
after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Use of Defined Terms
Except as otherwise indicated
by the context, references in this Report to:
●
The “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” “GCGJ” are references to GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC. a Nevada corporation.
●
“Common Stock” refers to the common stock, par value $.001, of the Company;
●
“U.S. dollar,” “$” and “US$” refer to the legal currency of the United States;
●
“Securities Act” refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and
●
“Exchange Act” refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
3
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Business Overview
Guochun International
Inc., a Nevada corporation (“the Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada in 2018.
Guochun International Inc.
(the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 2, 2018. To June 27, 2022, the Company was developing a
messenger application. On June 27, 2022, Gediminas Knyzelis, the Company’s former sole officer and director and majority stockholder,
sold 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock (representing 77.5% of the 3,870,600 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
June 27, 2022) to Zhou Xuan. In connection therewith, Gediminas Knyzelis resigned as officer and director of the Company and Zhou Xuan
consented to act as the Company’s chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and director. Also, Gediminas Knyzelis agreed
to waive the $76,535 amount due to him as of June 27, 2022 and the Company agreed to assign the software acquired by the Company on March
17, 2022 to Gediminas Knyzelis.
As a result of the ownership
and management changes described above, the Company has ceased its former business plans and is now searching for business opportunities
to acquire.
Competition and Market
Conditions
We will face substantial
competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected to be from other companies
organized and funded for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank check companies, and wealthy investors, many of
which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. In light of our limited financial and human resources,
we are at a competitive disadvantage compared to many of our competitors in our efforts to obtain an operating business or assets necessary
to commence our operations in a new field. Additionally, with the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic, many venture capital
firms and similar firms and individuals have been seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore currently face additional
competition and resultant difficulty obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until such time as the economy
recovers. Further, even if we are successful in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be enhanced barriers
to entry in the marketplace in which we decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material costs caused
by the pandemic and other
economic forces that are beyond our control.
Government regulation
As of the date of this Report,
we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) by Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”).
Depending on the direction
management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other laws or regulations
that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state level regulation of privacy. Any such requirements
could require us to divert significant human and capital resources into compliance, which could have an adverse effect on our future operating
results.
Employees
As of the date of this Report, we have no employees.
However, an entity controlled by our Chief Executive Officer provides part-time consulting services to us without compensation.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider
the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks, and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect our business, results of operations,
or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment.
COVID-19
Pandemic
COVID-19 pandemic has
had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and our financial results.
In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus was discovered in China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world. On January 30,
2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 disease a “Public Health Emergency of International
Concern.” On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic.” The
COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health
crisis that could materially and adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the operations and financial
position of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. In 2022, the sporadic outbreaks of COVID-19 had material impact on the industry in China. The government’s
“zero-COVID” policy required, from time to time, quarantines, rolling lockdowns, office closures and travel restrictions
to control outbreaks in affected local areas. As a result of the COVID control measures, we were unable to implement some of our
business and marketing plans, and our operating results were negatively affected by the sporadic COVID outbreaks and strict
government response measures. In December 2022, the PRC government ended the implementation of the “zero-COVID” policy,
and the overall market condition has shown improvement since then. However, COVID-19 could adversely affect our business and results
of operations in the future if any COVID resurgence causes significant disruptions to our operations or the business of our supply
chain, logistics and service providers. We cannot predict the severity and duration of the impact from such resurgence, if any. If
any new outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and timely controlled, or if government responses to outbreaks or potential
outbreaks are severe or long-lasting, our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected as a
result of the deteriorating market outlook, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial
condition of our customers or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our control could
have an adverse effect on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties in the regions where we conduct business, and could
have a materially and adversely impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, our ability
to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19
and other events, including because of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all.
As a result, COVID-19 may
also have a materially and adversely affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not currently known to us or that
we do not currently consider may present significant risks to our operations.
4
Risks Relating to Our
Business and Financial Condition
We currently have no operations,
and investors therefore have no basis on which to evaluate the Company’s future prospects.
We currently have no operations
and will be reliant upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and generate revenue. Because we
have no operations and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective of locating and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements or understandings
with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination in a reasonable
timeframe, on reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate any operating
revenues.
We may face difficulties
or delays in our search for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate a business combination.
We may face difficulty identifying
a viable business opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic factors that are beyond our control,
including the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn , as well as increased competition for acquisitions of operating entities
that we expect to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain a business that is suitable for our business
goals at a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our business to generate value to our shareholders.
We have limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business opportunities on favorable terms or at all
due to the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to provide us with the necessary
funds to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish
our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment in the Company could become worthless.
If we are not successful
in acquiring a new business and generating material revenues, investors will likely lose their investment.
If we are not
successful in developing a viable business plan and acquiring a new business through which to implement it, our investors’
entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful in combining with or acquiring the assets of an
operating entity, we can provide no assurances that the Company will be able to generate significant revenue therefrom in the
short-term or at all or that investors will derive a profit from their investment. If we are not successful, our investors will
likely lose their entire investment.
If we cannot manage our growth effectively,
we may not become profitable.
Businesses, including development
stage companies such as ours and/or any operating business or businesses we may acquire, often grow rapidly, and tend to have difficulty
managing their growth. If we are able to acquire an operating business, we will likely need to expand our management team and other key
personnel by recruiting and employing experienced executives and key employees and/or consultants capable of providing the necessary support.
We cannot assure you that
our management will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges could cause us to lose
money, and your investment could be lost.
Because we have limited
capital, we may need to raise additional capital in the future by issuing debt or equity securities, the terms of which may dilute our
current investors and/or reduce or limit their liquidation or other rights.
We may require additional
capital to acquire a business. We may not be able to obtain additional capital when required. Future business development activities,
as well as administrative expenses such as salaries, insurance, general overhead, legal and compliance expenses, and accounting expenses
will require a substantial amount of additional capital.
The terms of securities we
issue in future capital raising transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include liquidation preferences, superior
voting rights or the issuance of other derivative securities, which could have a further dilutive effect on or subordinate the rights
of our current investors. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity securities will likely dilute the ownership percentage
of our shareholders. Additionally, any debt securities we issue would likely create a liquidation preference superior to our current investors
and, if convertible into shares of Common Stock, would also pose the risk of dilution.
We may be unable to obtain
necessary financing if and when required.
Our ability to obtain financing,
if and when necessary, may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both in general and in the particular industry or industries
in which we may choose to operate), our limited operating history and current lack of operations, the national and global economies, and
the condition of the market for microcap securities. Further, economic downturns such as the current global depression caused by the COVID-19
pandemic may increase our requirements for capital, particularly if such economic downturn persists for an extended period of time or
after we have acquired an operating entity and may limit or hinder our ability to obtain the funding we require. If the amount of capital
we are able to raise from financing activities, together with any revenues we may generate from future operations, is not sufficient to
satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to discontinue our development or implementation of a business plan, cancel our search for
business opportunities, cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. If any
of the foregoing should happen, our shareholders could lose some or all of their investment.
Because we are still developing
our business plan, we do not have any agreement for a business combination.
We have no current arrangement,
agreement or understanding with respect to engaging in a business combination with any specific entity. We may not be successful in identifying
and evaluating a suitable acquisition candidate or in consummating a business combination. We are neutral as to what industry or segment
for any target company. We have not established specific metrics and criteria we will look for in a target company, and if and when we
do, we may face difficulty reaching a mutual agreement with any such entity, including in light of market trends and forces beyond our
control. Given our early-stage status, there is considerable uncertainty and therefore inherent risk to investors that we will not succeed
in developing and implementing a viable business plan.
5
Because we are dependent
upon Mr. Zhou Xuan, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, to manage and oversee our Company, the loss of him could adversely
affect our plan and results of operations.
We currently have a sole
director and officer, Mr. Zhou Xuan, who manages the Company and is presently evaluating a viable plan for our future operations. We will
rely solely on his judgment in connection with selecting a target company and the terms and structure of any resulting business combination.
The loss of our Chief Executive Officer could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, which could have a material
adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position.
Further, because Mr. Zhou
serves as Chief Executive Officer, sole director, and holds a controlling interest in the Company’s Common Stock, our other shareholders
will have limited ability to influence the Company’s direction or management.
In addition, although not
likely, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of a combination with their business. The departure
of a target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and prospects of our post-combination business. The role of a
target’s key personnel upon the completion of the transaction cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
or all members of a target’s management team may remain associated with the target following a change of control thereof, there
can be no assurance that all of such target’s management team will decide to remain in place. The loss of key personnel, either
before or after a business combination and including management of either us or a combined entity could negatively impact on the operations
and profitability of our business.
Risks Related to a Potential
Business Acquisition
We may encounter difficulty
locating and consummating a business combination, including as a result of the competitive disadvantages we have.
We expect to face intense
competition in our search for a revenue-producing business to combine with or acquire. Given the current economic climate, venture capital
firms, larger companies, blank check companies such as special purpose acquisition companies and other investors are purchasing operating
entities or the assets thereof in high volumes and at relatively discounted prices. These parties may have greater capital or human resources
than we do and/or more experience in a particular industry within which we choose to search. Most of these competitors have a certain
amount of liquid cash available to take advantage of favorable market conditions for prospective business purchasers such as those caused
by the recent pandemic. Any delay or inability to locate, negotiate and enter into a business combination as a result of the relative
illiquidity of our current asset or other disadvantages we have relative to our competitors could cause us to lose valuable business opportunities
to our competitors, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.
We may expend significant
time and capital on a prospective business combination that is not ultimately consummated.
The investigation of each
specific target business and any subsequent negotiation and drafting of related agreements, SEC disclosure and other documents will require
substantial amounts of management’s time and attention and material additional costs in connection with outsourced services from
accountants, attorneys, and other professionals. We will likely expend significant time and resources searching for, conducting due diligence
on, and negotiating transaction terms in connection with a proposed business combination that may not ultimately come to fruition. In
such event, all of the time and capital resources expended by the Company in such a pursuit may be lost and unrecoverable by the Company
or its shareholders. Unanticipated issues which may be beyond our control or that of the seller of the applicable business may arise that
force us to terminate discussions with a target company, such as the target’s failure or inability to provide adequate documentation
to assist in our investigation, a party’s failure to obtain required waivers or consents to consummate the transaction as required
by the inability to obtain the required audits, applicable laws, charter documents and agreements, the appearance of a competitive bid
from another prospective purchaser, or the seller’s inability to maintain its operations for a sufficient time to allow the transaction
to close. Such risks are inherent in any search for a new business and investors should be aware of them before investing in an enterprise
such as ours.
Conflicts of interest
may arise between us and our shareholders, directors, or management, which may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business
combination or favorable terms or generate revenue.
Our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Zhou, is not required to commit his full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating his time between
managing the Company and other businesses in which he is or may be involved. We do not intend to have any employees prior to the consummation
of a business combination. Mr. Zhou is not obliged to contribute any specific number of hours to our affairs, and he may engage in other
business endeavors while he provides consulting services to the Company. If any of his other business affairs require him to devote substantial
amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit his ability to devote his time and attention to our business which could have
a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination or generate revenue.
It is possible that we obtain
an operating company in which a director or officer of the Company has an ownership interest in or that he or she is an officer, director,
or employee of. If we do obtain any business affiliated with an officer or director, such a business combination may be on terms other
than what would be arrived at in an arms-length transaction. If any conflict of interest arises, it could adversely affect a business
combination or subsequent operations of the Company, in which case our shareholders may see diminished value relative to what would have
been available through a transaction with an independent third party.
We may engage in a business
combination that causes tax consequences for us and our shareholders.
Federal and state tax consequences
will, in all likelihood, be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake. Under current federal
law, such transactions may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable federal and state tax
laws. While we intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to the extent practicable
in accordance with our business objectives, there can be no assurance that any business combination we undertake will meet the statutory
or regulatory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or similar favorable treatment or that the parties to such a transaction will
obtain the tax treatment intended or expected upon a transfer of equity interests or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization, combination
or similar transaction could result in the imposition of significant taxation, both at the federal and state levels, which may have an
adverse effect on both parties to the transaction, including our shareholders.
6
It is unlikely that our
shareholders will be afforded any opportunity to evaluate or approve a business combination.
It is unlikely that our shareholders
will be afforded the opportunity to evaluate and approve a proposed business combination. In most cases, business combinations do not
require shareholder approval under applicable law, and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not afford our shareholders with the
right to approve such a transaction. Further, Mr. Zhou, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, owns the vast majority of our outstanding
Common Stock. Accordingly, our shareholders will be relying almost exclusively on the judgement of our board of directors (“Board”)
and Chief Executive Officer and any persons on whom they may rely with respect to a potential business combination. In order to develop
and implement our business plan, may in the future hire lawyers, accountants, technical experts, appraisers, or other consultants to assist
with determining the Company’s direction and consummating any transactions contemplated thereby. We may rely on such persons in
making difficult decisions in connection with the Company’s future business and prospects. The selection of any such persons will
be made by our Board, and any expenses incurred or decisions made based on any of the foregoing could prove to be adverse to the Company
in hindsight, the result of which could be diminished value to our shareholders.
Because our search for a business combination
is not presently limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses, prospective investors will be unable to evaluate
the merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations until such time as they are identified and disclosed.
We are still determining
the Company’s business plan, and we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating entity in any number of industries
or sectors. Because we have not yet entered into any letter of intent or agreement to acquire a particular business, prospective investors
currently have no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, prospects or other metrics or qualities they deem appropriate in considering to invest in
the Company. Further, if we complete a business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business
we acquire. For example, if we acquire a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established operating history, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a new business or a development stage entity. Although our management
intends to evaluate and weigh the merits and risks inherent in a particular target business and make a decision based on the Company and
its shareholders’ interests, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risks inherent
in a target business, that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence or that we will ultimately acquire a viable business and
generate material revenue therefrom. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to reduce
the likelihood that those risks will adversely impact on target business or mitigate any harm to the Company caused thereby. Should we
select a course of action, or fail to select a course of action, that ultimately exposes us to unknown or unidentified risks, our business
will be harmed, and you could lose some or all of your investment.
Past performance by our
management and their affiliates may not be indicative of the future performance of an investment in us.
While our Chief Executive
Officer has prior experience in advising businesses, his past performance, the performance of other entities or persons with which he
is involved, or the performance of any other personnel we may retain in the future will not necessarily be an indication of either (i)
that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) the future operating results of the Company
including with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of him or any other
of our personnel or their affiliates’ performance as indicative of our future performance or that an investment in us will be profitable.
In addition, an investment in the Company is not an investment in any entities affiliated with our management or other personnel. While
management intends to endeavor to locate a viable business opportunity and generate shareholder value, there can be no assurance that
we will succeed in this endeavor.
We may seek business combination
opportunities in industries or sectors that are outside of our management area of expertise.
We will consider a business
combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such a candidate offers an attractive opportunity for the Company. Although management intends to endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in any business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks,
or that we will accurately determine the actual value of a prospective operating entity to acquire. In the event we elect to pursue an
acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s ability to evaluate and make decisions on
behalf of the Company may be limited, or we may make material expenditures on additional personnel or consultants to assist management
in the Company’s operations. Investors should be aware that the information contained herein regarding the areas of our management’s
expertise will not necessarily be relevant to an understanding of the business that we ultimately elect to acquire. As a result, our management
may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks or strategic opportunities that may arise. Accordingly, any
shareholders in the Company following a business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares, and any resulting
loss will likely not be recoverable.
We may attempt to complete
a business combination with a private target company about which little information is available, and such target entity may not generate
revenue as expected or otherwise by compatible with us as expected.
In pursuing our search
for a business to acquire, we will likely seek to complete a business combination with a privately held company. Very little public
information generally exists about private companies, and the only information available to us prior to making a decision may be
from documents and information provided directly to us by the target company in connection with the transaction. Such documents or
information or the conclusions we draw therefrom could prove to be inaccurate or misleading. As such, we may be required to make our
decision on whether to pursue a potential business combination based on limited, incomplete, or faulty information, which may result
in our subsequent operations generating less revenue than expected, which could materially harm our financial condition and results
of operations.
7
Our ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business may be limited and, as a result, we may acquire a target business whose management does
not have the skills, qualifications, or abilities to enable a seamless transition, which could, in turn, negatively impact on our results
of operations.
When evaluating the desirability
of a potential business combination, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
resources, or information. Our management’s assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities expected. Further, in most cases the target’s
management may be expected to want to manage us and replace our Chief Executive Officer. Should the target management not possess the
skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public company or assist with their former entity’s merger or combination
into ours, the operations and profitability of the post-acquisition business may be negatively impacted, and our shareholders could suffer
a reduction in the value of their shares.
Any business we acquire
will likely lack diversity of operations or geographical reach, and in such case we will be subject to risks associated with dependence
on a single industry or region.
Our search for a business
will likely be focused on entities with a single or limited business activity and/or that operate in a limited geographic area. While
larger companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversifying their operations among different industries and regions, smaller
companies such as ours and the entities we anticipate reviewing for a potential business combination generally lack diversification, in
terms of both the nature and geographic scope of their business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely by risks affecting
the industry or the region in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified. In addition to general economic risks,
we could be exposed to natural disasters, civil unrest, technological advances, and other uncontrollable developments that will threaten
our viability if and to the extent our future operations are limited to a single industry or region. If we do not diversify our operations,
our financial condition and results of operations will be at risk.
Changes in laws or regulations,
or a failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, the ability to negotiate and
complete a business combination, and results of operations.
We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by federal, state, and local governments. In addition to SEC regulations, any business we acquire in the future may
be subject to substantial legal or regulatory oversight and restrictions, which could hinder our growth and expend material amounts on
compliance. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws
and regulations and their interpretation and application by courts and administrative judges may also change from time to time, and any
such changes could be unfavorable to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments, and results of operations.
In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could result in material defense or
remedial costs and/or damages having a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
Risks associated with doing business in China
Trading in our securities
may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completed
our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act or the America COMPETES Act becomes law.
In recent years, U.S.
regulatory authorities have continued to express their concerns about challenges in their oversight of financial statement audits of
U.S.-listed companies with significant operations in China. As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access
to audit and other information, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The
HFCAA includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to
inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor’s local
jurisdiction. The HFCAA also requires that, to the extent that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect an issuer’s auditor for
three consecutive years since 2021, the SEC shall prohibit its securities registered in the United States from being traded on any
national securities exchange or over-the-counter markets in the United States.
On March 24, 2021, the SEC
adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. The interim
final rule applies to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered
public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because
of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Consistent with the HFCAA, the interim final rule requires the submission of
documentation to the SEC establishing that such a registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that foreign jurisdiction
and also requires disclosure in a foreign issuer’s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and government influence on,
such registrants. On May 13, 2021, the PCAOB issued proposed PCAOB Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act for public comment. The proposed rule provides a framework for making determinations as to whether PCAOB is unable to
inspect an audit firm in a foreign jurisdiction, including the timing, factors, bases, publication and revocation or modification of such
determinations, and such determinations will be made on a jurisdiction-wide basis in a consistent manner applicable to all firms headquartered
in the jurisdiction. In November 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to final rules
implementing the disclosure and submission requirements of the HFCAA.
On June 22, 2021, the U.S.
Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or AHFCAA, and on February 4, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives
passed the America Creating Opportunities for Manufacturing Pre-Eminence in Technology and Economic Strength (COMPETES) Act of 2022, or
the COMPETES Act. If either bill is enacted into law, it would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer’s securities
from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections or complete investigations for two consecutive
years instead of three. As a result, our securities may be prohibited from trading on Nasdaq or over-the-counter markets if our auditor
is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years as specified in the HFCAA or two years if the AHFCAA or the COMPETES Act becomes
law and would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted.
On December 2, 2021, the
SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants
that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located
in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in
foreign jurisdictions.
8
On December 16, 2021, the
PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the “PCAOB determinations”) relating to
the PCAOB’s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China of
the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities
in the PRC or Hong Kong.
The lack of access to
the PCAOB inspection or investigation in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the
auditors based in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the
PCAOB to conduct inspections or investigation of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these
accounting firms’ audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to
the PCAOB inspections and investigation, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our
audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.
Our current auditor, MICHAEL
GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES, PLLC (“Michael”), an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in the
Vancouver, Washington, the U.S., is a firm registered with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”)
and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S.
and professional standards. Michael has been subject to PCAOB inspections and is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting firms
headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB’s determination on December 16, 2021 of having been unable to inspect
or investigate completely.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there is any regulatory change
or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit Michael to provide audit documentations located in China or Hong Kong to the PCAOB
for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject to the HFCAA, as the same
may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected
or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections or investigations of audit work undertaken in China that prevents the PCAOB
from regularly evaluating our auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our
financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate.
China’s political
climate and economic conditions, as well as changes in government policies, laws and regulations which may be quick with little advance
notice, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our sole officer and sole
director, Mr. Zhou, is the resident of and is physically located in and has significant ties to China. Our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects are subject, to a significant extent, to economic, political and legal developments in China. For
example, as a result of recent proposed changes in the cybersecurity regulations in China that would require certain Chinese technology
firms to undergo a cybersecurity review before being allowed to list on foreign exchanges, this may have the effect of further narrowing
the list of potential businesses in China’s consumer, technology and mobility sectors that we intend to focus on for our business
combination or the ability of the combined entity to list in the United States.
China’s economy differs
from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development,
growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the
past two to three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Demand for target services
and products depends, in large part, on economic conditions in China. Any slowdown in China’s economic growth may cause our potential
customers to delay or cancel their plans to purchase our services and products, which in turn could reduce our net revenues.
Although China’s economy
has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government continues to
play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant
control over China’s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Changes in any of these
policies, laws and regulations may be quick with little advance notice and could adversely affect the economy in China and could have
a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock.
The PRC government has implemented
various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation of financial and other resources.
However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce new measures that will have
a negative effect on us, or more specifically, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not initiate possible governmental actions
or scrutiny to us, which could substantially affect our operation and the value of our common stock may depreciate quickly. China’s
social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any sudden changes to China’s political system or the occurrence
of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
9
Any failure or perceived
failure by our PRC subsidiaries to comply with the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for Internet Platforms Economy Sector and other PRC anti-monopoly
laws and regulations may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation or claims against us and could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The PRC anti-monopoly enforcement
agencies have strengthened enforcement under the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law in recent years. On December 28, 2018, the SAMR issued the Notice
on Anti-monopoly Enforcement Authorization, pursuant to which its province-level branches are authorized to conduct anti-monopoly enforcement
within their respective jurisdictions. On September 11, 2020, the Anti-Monopoly Commission of the State Council issued Anti-monopoly Compliance
Guideline for Operators, which requires operators to establish anti-monopoly compliance management systems under the PRC Anti-Monopoly
Law to manage anti-monopoly compliance risks. On February 7, 2021, the Anti-Monopoly Commission of the State Council published Anti-Monopoly
Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector that specified circumstances under which an activity of an internet platform will
be identified as monopolistic act as well as concentration filing procedures for business operators. According to the PRC Anti-Monopoly
Law, if a business operator carries out a concentration in violation of the law, the relevant authority shall order the business operator
to terminate the concentration, dispose of the shares or assets or transfer the business within a specified time limit, or take other
measures to restore the pre-concentration status, and impose a fine of up to RMB500,000. On March 12, 2021, the SAMR published several
administrative penalty cases in connection with the concentration of business operators that violated PRC Anti-Monopoly Law in the internet
sector.
On October 23, 2021, the Standing Committee of the
National People’s Congress issued a discussion draft of the amended Anti-Monopoly Law, which proposes to increase the fines for
illegal concentration of business operators to “no more than ten percent of its last year’s sales revenue if the concentration
of business operator has or may have an effect of excluding or limiting competition; or a fine of up to RMB5 million if the concentration
of business operator does not have an effect of excluding or limiting competition.” The draft also proposes for the relevant authority
to investigate transactions where there is evidence that concentration has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition,
even if such concentration does not reach the filing threshold. On December 24, 2021, nine government agencies, including the NDRC, jointly
issued the Opinions on Promoting the Healthy and Sustainable Development of Platform Economy, which provides that, among others, monopolistic
agreements, abuse of dominant market position and illegal concentration of business operators in the field of platform economy will be
strictly investigated and punished in accordance with the relevant laws.
At the present time, we have relatively small-scale
supply chain platform operations based on our market share in our product markets and other factors. We are not an operator with a dominant
market position, and our operating activity cannot constitute an anti-monopoly behavior that abuses our dominant market position. We have
not entered into monopoly agreements prohibited by the Anti-Monopoly Law with competing business operators. As of the date of the prospectus,
we have not received a notification from the anti-monopoly regulatory authority requiring us to file the concentration of undertakings
or received any related administrative penalties. We believe that we are in compliance with the currently effective PRC anti-monopoly
laws in all material aspects. Nevertheless, if the PRC regulatory authorities identify any of our activities as monopolistic under the
PRC Anti-Monopoly Law or the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector, we may be subject to investigations and
administrative penalties, and therefore materially and adversely affect our financial conditions, operations and business prospects. If
we are required to take any rectifying or remedial measures or are subject to any penalties, our reputation and business operations may
be materially and adversely affected.
Recent regulatory developments in China, including
greater oversight and control by the CAC over data security, may subject us to additional regulatory review, and any actions by the Chinese
government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless.
On December 28, 2021,
the CAC, NDRC, and several other agencies jointly issued the final version of the Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review,
or the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the previously
issued Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review. Under the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, an “online platform operator”
in possession of personal data of more than one million users must apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities
on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online
platform operators (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the “Operators”) carrying out data
processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator
who controls more than one million users’ personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review
office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country. Pursuant to the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, we don’t believe we will be
subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that (i) our online platform business just start up, we possess personal information
of a very small number of users (less than 100 users) in our business operations as of the date of this report, significantly less than
the one million user threshold set for a data processing operator applying for listing on a foreign exchange that is required to pass
such cybersecurity review; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus shall not be
classified as core or important data by the authorities. We don’t believe that we are an Operator within the meaning of the Revised
Cybersecurity Measures, nor do we control more than one million users’ personal information, and as such, we should not be required
to apply for a cybersecurity review under the Revised Cybersecurity Measures.
However, there remains uncertainty
as to how the Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review, may be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies,
including the CAC, may adopt new rules and regulations related to the Revised Cybersecurity Measures. For example, there is still no clear
definition of “online platform operator”. Whether the data processing activities carried out by traditional enterprises (such
as food, medicine, automobile and other production enterprises) are subject to such review and the scope of the review remains to be further
clarified by the regulatory authorities in the subsequent implementation process. If any new laws, regulations, implementation measures
or interpretation are adopted, we may need to take further action and invest resources to comply with such new rules and to minimize any
potential negative effects on us. In addition, if the number of our online platform users increases to a level close to one million, we
would expect to prepare for the required cybersecurity review procedure and approval from the PRC government.
10
Governmental control of currency conversion
may affect the value of your investment.
The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency
out of China. We shall receive substantially all our revenues in RMB after we have successfully merged and/or acquired potential business.
Under that corporate structure, our income will currently only be derived from dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries. Shortages
in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of a potential PRC subsidiary to remit sufficient foreign currency to
pay dividends or other payments to us or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign
exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related
transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However,
approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China
to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also, at its discretion,
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents
us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies
to our security-holders.
Failure to comply with the Individual Foreign
Exchange Rules relating to overseas direct investment or the engagement in the issuance or trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident
stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities.
Our ability to conduct foreign
exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the Implementation Rules of the Administrative
Measures for Individual Foreign Exchange promulgated by SAFE in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented, the “Individual Foreign
Exchange Rules”). Under the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules, any PRC individual seeking to make a direct investment overseas or
engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate registrations in accordance
with SAFE provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines or other liabilities.
SAFE promulgated the Notice
on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident’s Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles,
or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their
establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC
residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating
to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital reduction, share transfer
or exchange, merger or spin off).
We may not be fully informed
of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in or trading of our shares
will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage accounts, it is unlikely that
we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no control over any of our future
beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary approval and registration procedures
required by the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules.
To our knowledge, our beneficial
owners, who are PRC residents, have not completed the Notice 37 registration. And we cannot guarantee that all or any of the shareholders
will complete the Notice 37 registration prior to the closing of this Offering. Failure by any such shareholders or beneficial owners
to comply with Notice 37 could restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability
to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. In
addition, the PRC resident shareholders who fail to complete Notice 37 registration may subject to fines less than RMB50,000.
As these foreign exchange
and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has been constantly evolving,
it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments and transactions, will
be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities.
It is uncertain how the Individual
Foreign Exchange Rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement will affect our ability to conduct
foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure by any of our PRC resident stockholders
to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions on their operations, delay or restriction
on repatriation of proceeds of our securities offerings into the PRC, restriction on remittance of dividends or other punitive actions
that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Under the Enterprise Income
Tax Law, we may be classified as a “Resident Enterprise” of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax
consequences for us and our non-PRC stockholders.
China passed an Enterprise
Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”), as most recently amended and effective on December 29, 2018, and the related Implementation
Regulations, as amended and effective on April 23 2019. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with “de facto
management bodies” within China is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar
to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define de facto management as “substantial
and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise.
On April 22, 2009, the
State Administration of Taxation of China issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese Investment
Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies, or the
Notice, further interpreting the application of the EIT Law and its implementation to offshore entities controlled by a Chinese
enterprise or group. Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese
enterprise or group will be classified as a “non-domestically incorporated resident enterprise” if (i) its senior
management in charge of daily operations reside or perform their duties mainly in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions
are made or approved by bodies or persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties, accounting books, corporate stamps,
board and stockholder minutes are kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting rights or senior management are
often resident in China. A resident enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25% on its worldwide income and
must pay a withholding tax at a rate of 10% when paying dividends to its non-PRC stockholders.
Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system could adversely affect us, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in
China can change quickly with little advance notice.
We may conduct substantially
all of our business through our target subsidiaries in China. Our target operations in China will be govern by PRC laws and regulations.
Our target PRC subsidiaries might be generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular,
laws and regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions
may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.
Since 1979, PRC legislation
and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China
has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in China. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. Since
PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual
terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy.
These uncertainties may affect our judgment on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability to enforce our contractual rights or
tort claims. In addition, these regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous legal actions or threats in attempts
to extract payments or benefits from us.
11
In addition, the PRC legal
system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may
change quickly with little advance notice or have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies
and rules until sometime after the violation. On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and
the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to enhance its enforcement against illegal activities in the securities
markets and promote the high-quality development of capital markets, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities
to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over Chinese companies listed
overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the Chinese securities laws. Since this document
is relatively new, uncertainties exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation-making bodies will respond and
what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and
the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on companies like us. It is especially difficult for us to accurately
predict the potential impact on us of new legal requirements in mainland China because the Chinese legal system is a civil law system
based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but
have limited precedential value.
Such uncertainties, including
any inability to enforce our contracts, together with any development or interpretation of PRC law that is adverse to us, could materially
and adversely affect our business and operations. Furthermore, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may
not be as effective as in the United States or other more developed countries. We cannot predict the effect of future developments in
the PRC legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or
the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors.
The Chinese government
may intervene or influence the operation of our target PRC subsidiaries and exercise significant oversight and discretion over the conduct
of their business and may intervene in or influence their operations at any time, or may exert more control over securities offerings
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in operations of our target
PRC subsidiaries and/or the value of our common stock.
The Chinese government has
exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state
ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to securities
regulation, data protection, cybersecurity and mergers and acquisitions and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions
may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditure and efforts
on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations.
Government actions in the
future could significantly affect economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to materially change
our operating activities or divest ourselves of any interests we hold in Chinese assets. Our business may be subject to various government
and regulatory interference in the areas in which we operate. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly
adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly,
by existing or future laws and regulations relating to our business or industry.
Given recent statements by
the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
investment in China-based issuers, any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to
offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
Recently, the General Office
of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely
Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021.
The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision
over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, will
be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-based overseas listed companies. As of the date of this report, we have not received
any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from PRC government authorities in connection with the Opinions.
On June 10, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the National People’s Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the Data Security Law, which took effect in September
2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities,
and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development,
and the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations
when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC Data Security Law also provides for a national
security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and impose export restrictions on certain data and information.
The law provides for privacy obligations of entities and individuals carrying out data activities, prohibits entities and individuals
in China from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval from the competent
PRC authority, and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation of their data protection obligations,
including rectification order, warning, fines of up to RMB10 million, suspension of relevant business, and revocation of business permits
or licenses.
In early July 2021,
regulatory authorities in China launched cybersecurity investigations regarding several China-based companies that are listed in the
United States. The Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE:
DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company’s app be removed from smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese
cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation on two other Internet platforms, China’s Full Truck Alliance of Full
Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq: BZ). On July 24, 2021, the General Office of the Communist
Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly released the Guidelines for Further Easing the
Burden of Excessive Homework and Off-campus Tutoring for Students at the Stage of Compulsory Education, pursuant to which foreign
investment in such firms via mergers and acquisitions, franchise development, and variable interest entities are banned from that
sector.
12
On July 10, 2021, the CAC
released the Cybersecurity Review Measures (Revised Draft for Solicitation of Comments), or the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, pursuant
to which operator holding more than one million users/users’ (which is to be further specified) individual information shall be
subject to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among others, the risk of critical information
infrastructure, core data, important data, or a large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously used
by foreign governments after going public overseas. The procurement of network products and services, data processing activities and overseas
listing should also be subject to cybersecurity review if they concern or potentially pose risks to national security. According to the
effective Cybersecurity Review Measures, online platform/website operators of certain industries may be identified as critical information
infrastructure operators by the CAC, once they meet standard as stated in the National Cybersecurity Inspection Operation Guide, and such
operators may be subject to cybersecurity review. The scope of business operations and financing activities that are subject to the Revised
Cybersecurity Measures and the implementation thereof is not yet clear. As of the date of this report, we have not been informed by any
PRC governmental authority of any requirement that we file for approval in connection with an offering of our common stock.
On August 17, 2021, the State
Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, or the Regulations, which
took effect on September 1, 2021. The Regulations supplement and specify the provisions on the security of critical information infrastructure
as stated in the Cybersecurity Review Measures. The Regulations provide, among others, that protection department of certain industry
or sector shall notify the operator of the critical information infrastructure in time after the identification of certain critical information
infrastructure.
On August 20, 2021, the SCNPC
adopted the Personal Information Security Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information Protection Law includes
the basic rules for personal information processing, the rules for cross-border provision of personal information, the rights of individuals
in personal information processing activities, the obligations of personal information processors, and the legal responsibilities for
illegal collection, processing, and use of personal information. As the first systematic and comprehensive law specifically for the protection
of personal information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection Law provides, among others, that (i) an individual’s consent
shall be obtained to use sensitive personal information, such as biometric characteristics and individual location tracking, (ii) personal
information operators using sensitive personal information shall notify individuals of the necessity of such use and impact on the individual’s
rights, and (iii) where personal information operators reject an individual’s request to exercise his or her rights, the individual
may file a lawsuit with a People’s Court.
On December 28, 2021, the
CAC, NDRC, and other regulatory agencies jointly issued the final version of the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Measures,
which took effect and replace the previously issued Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review on February 15, 2022. Under the
Revised Review Measures, an “online platform operator” in possession of personal data of more than one million users must
apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of critical information
infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online platform operators (together with the operators of critical information
infrastructure, the “Operators”) carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall
conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator who controls more than one million users’ personal information
must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country.
Regarding the current
effective data security management regulations, we don’t believe that we are required to conduct data security review for
listing overseas. However, according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment), as an overseas
listed company, we will be required to conduct an annual data security review and to comply with the relevant reporting obligations.
We have been closely monitoring the development in the regulatory landscape in China, particularly regarding the requirement of
approvals, including on a retrospective basis, from the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC authorities with respect to this offering, as
well as regarding any annual data security review or other procedures that may be imposed on us. If any approval, review or other
procedure is in fact required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such review or other
procedure timely or at all. For any approval that we may be able to obtain, it could nevertheless be revoked, and the terms of its
issuance may impose restrictions on our operations and offers relating to our securities. The regulatory requirements with respect
to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant changes,
resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the cybersecurity and data
privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines,
penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations, among other things.
Given that the above referenced
laws, regulations and policies were recently promulgated or publicly released, their interpretation, application and enforcement are subject
to substantial uncertainties.
If the Chinese government
determines that our corporate structure does not comply with Chinese regulations, or if Chinese regulations change or are interpreted
differently in the future, Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our current operating structure, which would likely result in
a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
In July 2021, the Chinese
government provided new guidance on Chinese companies raising capital outside of mainland China, including through arrangements called
variable interest entities, or VIEs. Currently, our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities, and we are not in an industry
that is subject to foreign ownership limitations in mainland China. However, there are uncertainties with respect to the Chinese legal
system and there may be changes in laws, regulations and policies, including how those laws, regulations and policies will be interpreted
or implemented. If in the future the Chinese government determines that our corporate structure does not comply with Chinese regulations,
or if Chinese regulations change or are interpreted differently, the value of our securities may decline or become worthless.
13
The Chinese government
may intervene or influence our operations at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or be worthless.
The Chinese government has
significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations as the government
deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The Chinese government has recently published new policies that
significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it
will in the future release regulations or policies that could require us to seek permission from Chinese authorities to continue to operate
our target business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, recent statements
made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase the government’s oversight and control over offerings of companies
with significant operations in mainland China that are to be conducted in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment in China-based
issuers like us. Any future action by the Chinese government expanding the categories of industries and companies whose foreign securities
offerings are subject to government review could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors or could disallow our current operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or
a material change in the value of our securities, including causing the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
On July 6, 2021, the General
Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to crack
down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among other
things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law enforcement and judicial cooperation,
to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application
of the PRC securities laws. Since this document is still relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to how soon legislative
or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations
will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our future business
combination with a company with major operation in China.
Further, Chinese government
continues to exert more oversight and control over Chinese technology firms. On July 2, 2021, Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced,
that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company’s application be
removed from smartphone application stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation on two
other Internet platforms, China’s Full Truck Alliance of Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq:
BZ).
On December 24, 2021,
the CSRC issued the Administrative Provisions of the State Council Regarding the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by
Domestic Enterprises (the “Draft Administrative Provisions”) and the Measures for the Overseas Issuance of Securities
and Listing Record-Filings by Domestic Enterprises (Draft for Comments) (the “Draft Filing Measures”), collectively, the
Draft Overseas Listing Rules, which are currently published for public comments only. According to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules,
among other things, all China-based companies applying for overseas securities issuance, listing and post-listing capital operations
shall be subject to statutory procedures, such as filing and information reporting requirement. After making initial applications
with overseas stock markets for offerings or listings, all China-based companies shall file with the CSRC within three business
days. In addition, overseas offerings and listings may be prohibited for such China-based companies when any of the following
applies: (a) if the securities offerings and listings are prohibited by applicable PRC laws and rules; (b) if securities offerings
and listings may constitute a threat to, or endanger national security as reviewed and determined by PRC authorities; (c) if there
are material ownership disputes over applicants’ equity interests, major assets, core technologies or other items; (d) if a
PRC company or its controlling shareholders or de facto controllers have committed certain crimes, under investigation for suspicion
of major violations in the prior three years; (e) if any directors, supervisors, or senior executives of applicants have been
subject to administrative punishments for severe violations, or are under investigations for crimes or major violations; or (f)
other circumstances as provided. The Draft Administrative Provisions further provide that a fine between RMB 1 million and RMB 10
million may be imposed if a company fails to fulfill the filing requirements with the CSRC or conducts an overseas offering or
listing in violation of the Draft Overseas Listing Rules. In the case of severe violations, an order to suspend relevant businesses
or halt operations for rectification may be issued, and relevant business permits or operational licenses revoked. Overseas issuance
and listings subject to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules include direct and indirect issuance and listings. We believe that our
future securities offerings and proposed listing of our shares on Nasdaq Capital Market would
be deemed an Indirect Overseas Issuance and Listing under the Draft Overseas Listing Rules and will be required to complete the
filing procedures and submit the relevant information to CSRC after the Draft Overseas Listing Rules become effective. As of the
date of this report, such rules have not become effective, and we are not required to complete the filing procedures if we complete
the offering and begin the trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq before the rules take effect. In addition, after the rules take
effect, we would only need to submit the filing materials and no CSRC approval would be required under the rules. Because we are
relying on an opinion of counsel, there is uncertainty inherent in relying on an opinion of counsel in connection with whether we
are required to obtain permissions from a governmental agency that is required to approve of our operations and/or listings. In the
event that a government approval is required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to receive clearance in a timely manner, or
at all. Any failure of ours to fully comply with new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely hinder our
ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock, cause significant disruption to our business operations, severely damage our
reputation, materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our shares to significantly
decline in value or become worthless.
China Securities Regulatory
Commission and other Chinese government agencies may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or
foreign investment in China-based issuers. Additional compliance procedures may be required in connection with the offering of our securities
and our business operations, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. As a result, we face
uncertainty about future actions by the PRC government that could significantly affect our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and/or conduct our operations and cause the value of our shares to significantly decline or be worthless.
14
We may be exposed to liabilities
under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the foreign corrupt practices act could have a material
adverse effect on our business.
We are subject to the Foreign
Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials
and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We will
have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in the PRC, which may experience corruption. Our proposed activities in
the PRC create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company,
because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by
our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants,
or sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe
criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed
by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.
You may have difficulty
enforcing judgments against us.
We are a Nevada corporation
but most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all our operations will be conducted in
the PRC. In addition, our sole officer and director, Mr. Zhou, is the national and resident of a country other than the United States. Almost
all his assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the
United States upon him. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the
U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officer and director, since he is not a resident in the United States. In addition, there
is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC or other jurisdictions would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.
Chinese economic growth
slowdown may have a negative effect on our business.
Since 2014, Chinese economic
growth has been slowing down from double-digit GDP speed. The annual rate of growth declined from 7.3% in 2014 to 6.9% in 2015, to 6.7%
in 2016, to 6.9% in 2017, to 6.6% in 2018, and to 6.1% in 2019, 2.3% in 2020, increased to 8.45% in 2021, then declined to 3.1% in 2022,
increased to 5.4% in 2023 then declined to 5% in 2024. Due to the impact of COVID-19, China’s economic growth rate in 2020 has slowed
to 2.3%, its lowest level in years. While technology-based financial services companies have not been affected by the pandemic on the
same level as companies in certain other industries, nevertheless the slow economic growth could adversely affect many of our target customers
and partners, which in turn may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
PRC regulation of loans
and direct investment by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of our securities
offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.
In the normal course of our
business, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries or may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. Any loans to
our wholly foreign-owned or holding subsidiaries in China, which are treated as foreign-invested enterprises (“FIEs”) under
PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan registrations. For example, loans by us to our FIE subsidiaries in China
to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE. In addition, a foreign invested enterprise
shall use its capital pursuant to the principle of authenticity and self-use within its business scope. The capital of a foreign invested
enterprise shall not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for payment beyond the business scope of the
enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities
or investments other than banks’ principal-secured products unless otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations; (iii) granting
of loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except where it is expressly permitted in the business license; and (iv) paying the expenses related
to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises).
SAFE promulgated the Notice
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-invested
Enterprises , or SAFE Circular 19, effective June 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the
Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, the Notice
from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses,
and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital Account Foreign
Exchange Businesses. According to SAFE Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered
capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the
repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of banks loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although SAFE Circular
19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity
investments within China, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested
company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration
of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or SAFE Circular
16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in SAFE Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using
RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans
to a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular
16 could result in administrative penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to transfer any
foreign currency we hold, including the net proceeds from any future offering, to our PRC subsidiaries, which may adversely affect our
liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in China. On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Promoting the Convenience of Cross-border Trade and Investment, or the SAFE Circular 28,
which, among other things, allows all foreign-invested companies to use RMB converted from foreign currency-denominated capital for equity
investments in China, as long as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies with the negative list
on foreign investment. However, since SAFE Circular 28 is newly promulgated, it is unclear how SAFE and competent banks will implement
the relevant rules in practice.
15
In light of the various requirements
imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot be certain that
we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if
at all, with respect to future loans to our target PRC subsidiaries or future capital contributions by us to our target subsidiaries in
China. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide prompt funding to our target PRC subsidiaries when needed. If we
fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we expect to receive from any future offering
and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results.
Fluctuations in exchange
rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities.
Changes in the value of the
RMB against the U.S. dollar, Euro and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political
and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition,
and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S.
dollars we receive from our securities offerings into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have
an adverse effect on RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for
the purpose of paying dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would
have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. In addition, fluctuations of the RMB against other currencies may increase
or decrease the cost of imports & exports and thus affect the price-competitiveness of our products against products of foreign manufacturers
or products relying on foreign inputs.
Since July 2005, the RMB
is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People’s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market
to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against
the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations
in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.
We will reflect the impact
of currency translation adjustments in our financial statements under the heading “accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).”
Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered
any hedging transactions. While we may enter hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions
may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange gains and
losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.
There are uncertainties under the PRC laws
relating to the procedures for U.S. regulators to investigate and collect evidence from companies located in the PRC.
Shareholder claims that
are common in the U.S., including securities law class actions and fraud claims, among other matters, generally are difficult to
pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to
obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign
entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with
the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in the absence of mutual and practical
cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, or Article 177, the
securities regulatory authority of the State Council may collaborate with securities regulatory authorities of other countries or
regions in order to monitor and oversee cross border securities activities. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities
regulatory authorities are not permitted to carry out investigation and evidence collection directly within the territory of the
PRC, and that any Chinese entities and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business
activities to overseas agencies without prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent
departments of the State Council.
Our principal business operations
will be conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. regulators carry out investigations with respect to our business and need to
conduct investigation or collect evidence within the territory of the PRC, the U.S. regulators may not be able to carry out such investigation
or evidence collection directly in the PRC under the PRC laws. The U.S. regulators may consider cross-border cooperation with securities
regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or regulatory cooperation mechanism established with
the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there can be no assurance that the U.S. regulators could succeed in establishing
such cross-border cooperation in a specific case or could establish the cooperation in a timely manner. If U.S. regulators are unable
to conduct such investigations, such U.S. regulators may determine to suspend and ultimately delist our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital
Market or choose to suspend or de-register our SEC registration.
Failure to comply with
laws and regulations applicable to our business in China could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers
or otherwise harm our business.
Our business is subject to
regulation by various governmental agencies in China, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing compliance with various
legal obligations, such as privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations, intellectual property laws, employment and labor
laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, governmental trade laws, import and export controls, anti-corruption
and anti-bribery laws, and tax laws and regulations. These laws and regulations impose added costs on our business. Noncompliance with
applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to:
●
investigations, enforcement actions, and sanctions;
●
mandatory changes to our supply chain system and products;
●
disgorgement of profits, fines, and damages;
●
civil and criminal penalties or injunctions;
●
claims for damages by our customers or partners;
●
termination of contracts;
●
loss of intellectual property rights;
●
failure to obtain, maintain or renew certain licenses, approvals, permits, registrations or filings
●
necessary to conduct our operations; and
●
temporary or permanent debarment from sales to public service organizations.
16
If any governmental sanctions
are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial
condition could be adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of our management’s
attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could materially harm our business, results
of operations, and financial condition.
We are exposed to the risk
of misconduct, errors and failure to functions by our management, employees and parties that we collaborate with, who may from time to
time be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings or otherwise face potential liability and penalties in relation
to noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and business.
Payment of dividends is
subject to restrictions under Nevada and the PRC laws.
Under Nevada law, we may
only pay dividends subject to our ability to service our debts as they become due and provided that our assets will exceed our liabilities
after the payment of such dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore depend on our ability to generate adequate profits. In
addition, because of a variety of rules applicable to our operations in the PRC and the regulations on foreign investments as well as
the applicable tax law, we may be subject to further limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders.
As a holding company, we
may rely on dividends and other distributions from our potential PRC subsidiaries and WFOEs for cash requirements. If
a WFOE incurs any debts, the instruments governing such debts may restrict its ability to pay dividends to us. In order for us to pay
dividends or other distributions to our shareholders, including investors in any future offering, we will rely on payments from our subsidiaries.
Cash or other assets may be transferred to us from our subsidiaries in the following manner: (i) funds from our operating subsidiaries
to WFOEs may be remitted as services fees, dividends or other distributions; and (ii) WFOEs may make dividends or other distributions
to us through our Hong Kong subsidiaries.
Current PRC regulations permit
Chinese operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to foreign parent companies only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its registered
capital. Each of our subsidiaries in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee
welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. While the statutory
reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings
of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributed as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation.
Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. The PRC government also imposes restrictions on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies
and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. As such, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary
to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC
incur any debts, the existence of debts evidenced by the debt instruments may significantly limit their ability to pay dividends or make
other payments. If we are unable to receive earnings distributions from our operating subsidiaries in China, we would be unable to pay
dividends on our shares.
If we are deemed by the
PRC tax authorities as a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our non-PRC resident shareholders may
be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result, may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0%. Pursuant to the
Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax
Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10% withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5% if a Hong Kong
resident enterprise owns no less than 25% of a PRC entity. However, the 5% withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and
certain requirements must be satisfied, including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of
the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25% share ownership in the PRC entity during
the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt of the dividends. In practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident
certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5% lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will
issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain the tax resident
certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5% under the Double
Taxation Arrangement with respect to any dividends to be paid by our target
subsidiary in mainland China, to our target Hong Kong subsidiary.
As of the date of this report,
we have not paid, and do not anticipate paying in the foreseeable future, dividends or other distributions to our shareholders. We presently
intend to retain all our earnings to fund our operations and business expansions.
We can give no assurance
that we will declare dividends of any amount, at any rate or at all in the future. The declaration of future dividends, if any, will be
at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial
conditions, legal and contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
Risks Related to Our Common
Stock
Due to factors beyond
our control, our stock price may be volatile.
There is currently a limited
market for our Common Stock, and there can be no guarantee that an active market for our Common Stock will develop, even if we are successful
in consummating a business combination. Recently, the price of our Common Stock has been volatile for no reason. Further, even if an active
market for our Common Stock develops, it will likely be subject to by significant price volatility when compared to more seasoned issuers.
We expect that the price of our Common Stock will continue to be more volatile than more seasoned issuers for the foreseeable future.
Fluctuations in the price of our Common Stock can be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this Report,
including:
17
●
General speculative fever;
●
A prospective business combination and the terms and conditions thereof;
●
The operating performance of any business we acquire, including any failure to achieve material revenues therefrom;
●
The performance of our competitors in the marketplace, both pre- and post-combination;
●
The public’s reaction to our press releases, SEC filings, website content and other public announcements and information;
●
Changes in earnings estimates of any business that we acquire or recommendations by any research analysts who may follow us or other companies in the industry of a business that we acquire;
●
Variations in general economic conditions, including as may be caused by uncontrollable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting decline in the economy;
●
The public disclosure of the terms of any financing we disclose in the future;
●
The number of shares of our Common Stock that are publicly traded in the future;
●
Actions of our existing shareholders, including sales of Common Stock by our then directors and then executive officers or by significant investors; and
●
The employment or termination of key personnel.
Many of these factors are
beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of whether we can consummate a business combination
and of our current or subsequent operating performance and financial condition. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against
us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s time and attention, which would otherwise be used to benefit our
business.
Our common stock may not develop an active
trading market and the price and trading volume of our shares may fluctuate significantly.
Shares of common stock are
currently quoted in the OTC marketplace. We cannot predict whether investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active and
liquid trading market. If an active trading market does not develop, holders of our shares of common stock may have difficulty selling
our shares that may now be owned or may be purchased later. In addition, until we are able to be listed on a national exchange, the number
of investors willing to hold or acquire our shares may be reduced, we may receive decreased news and analyst coverage, and we may be limited
in our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Even
if an active trading market develops for our shares, the market price of our shares may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide
fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume of our shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.
In case that our shares
trade under $5.00 per share they will be considered penny stock. Trading in penny stocks has many restrictions and these restrictions
could severely affect the price and liquidity of our common stock.
If our stock trades below
$5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a “penny stock”, which is subject to various regulations involving disclosures
to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has adopted
regulations which generally define a “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per
share, subject to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our Common Stock would be considered as a “penny stock”.
A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities to persons
other than established Members and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser’s written consent to
the transaction prior to the purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the “penny
stock” rules may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and may negatively affect the ability of holders
of shares of our Common Stock to resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated with
buying penny stocks and that you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not have
a very high trading volume. Consequently, the price of the stocks is often volatile, and you may not be able to buy or sell the stock
when you want to.
We do not anticipate paying
cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.
We do not anticipate paying
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Presently, we intend to retain all our earnings, if any, to finance development and expansion
of our business. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a positive return on your investment in us will be if the market price
of our Common Stock is appreciated.
Our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Zhou, owns the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock and could significantly influence the outcome of our corporate matters.
Mr. Zhou Xuan, our CEO, beneficially
owns 77.5% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, Mr. Zhou is collectively able to exercise significant influence over
all matters that require us to obtain shareholder approval, including the election of directors to our board and approval of significant
corporate transactions that we may consider, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership
in our shares by executive officers will limit other shareholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect
of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us.
The price of our common
stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and stockholders may not be able to resell their shares.
The trading price for our
common stock has fluctuated since our common stock was first quoted on the OTC marketplace. The market price of our stock may fluctuate
significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
18
●
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;
●
the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;
●
actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
●
announcements by us or our competitors of significant products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;
●
price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;
●
lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and
●
other events or factors, including those resulting from health pandemics, war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events.
In addition, the stock markets
have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of securities of many
companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those
companies.
Future sales of substantial
amounts of the shares of our Common Stock by existing shareholders could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock.
If our existing shareholders
sell substantial amounts of the shares, then the market price of our Common Stock could fall. Such sales by our existing shareholders
might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate.
If any existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of shares, the prevailing market price for our shares could be adversely affected.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS
We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
We currently maintain our
principal executive office at 66 West Flagler Street, Suite 900 - #3040, Miami, FL 33130.
As of December 31, 2024,
we do not own any real estate or other properties.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
From time to time, we may
be involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Currently there
are no pending legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
operating results. We know of no legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject which is pending,
threatened or contemplated or any unsatisfied judgments against us.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
We are planning to get our
securities quoted on the OTC Markets. OTC securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock
exchange.  Instead, OTC securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks.
OTC issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national
stock exchange.
As of December 31, 2024,
no shares of our common stock have been traded.
Holders
As of December 31, 2024,
the 3,870,600 issued and outstanding shares of common stock were held by 10 shareholders.
Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities
The Company has 75,000,000
at $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized.
On August 2, 2018 the Company
issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of $3,000 at $0.001 per share par value. Par value was used because
the Company had just begun, and the stock had no value beyond par value at this stage.
19
Purchase of our Equity
Securities by Officers and Directors
On August 2, 2018, the Company
offered and sold 3,000,000 restricted shares of common stock to the former president and director, Gediminas Knyzelis, for a purchase
price of $0.001 per share, for aggregate offering proceeds of $3,000, pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as of all
material information relating to the Company. Further, no commissions were paid to anyone in connection with the sale of these shares
and general solicitation was not made to anyone.
On June 27, 2022, Gediminas
Knyzelis, the Company’s former sole officer and director and majority stockholder, sold 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock
(representing 77.5% of the 3,870,600 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on June 27, 2022) to Zhou Xuan. In connection therewith,
Gediminas Knyzelis resigned as officer and director of the Company and Zhou Xuan consented to act as the Company’s chief executive
officer, chief financial officer, and director. Also, Gediminas Knyzelis agreed to waive the $76,535 amount due to him on June 27, 2022
and the Company agreed to assign the software acquired by the Company on March 17, 2022, to Gediminas Knyzelis.
Dividend Policy
No cash dividends were paid
on our shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.
Other Stockholder Matters
None.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA
We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The
following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in U.S. Dollars
and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Company Overview
Guochun International Inc.
(the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 2, 2018. To June 27, 2022, the Company was developing a
messenger application. On June 27, 2022, Gediminas Knyzelis, the Company’s former sole officer and director and majority stockholder,
sold 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock (representing 77.5% of the 3,870,600 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on June
27, 2022) to Zhou Xuan. In connection therewith, Gediminas Knyzelis resigned as officer and director of the Company and Zhou Xuan consented
to act as the Company’s chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and director. Also, Gediminas Knyzelis agreed to waive
the $76,535 amount due to him at June 27, 2022 and the Company agreed to assign the software acquired by the Company on March 17, 2022,
to Gediminas Knyzelis.
As a result of the ownership
and management changes described above, the Company has ceased its former business plans and is now searching for business opportunities
to acquire.
20
Results of Operations
For the year ended December
31, 2024 compared with the year ended December 31, 2023
Revenue
The Company generated revenue
of $0 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Now the management intends to explore and identify business opportunities
within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar transaction.
Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although no assurances can be given that he can identify and implement
a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits. Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement
a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without limitation,
the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus
on our business, see Item 1A “Risk Factors.”
Cost of revenues
Cost of revenues of $0 for
the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses of $26,585
and $22,947 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were mainly consist of professional fees such as audit
fee, edgar filing fee and stock agency’s maintenance fee. The increase was mainly derived from professional fees.
Net Loss
The net loss of $26,585 and
$22,947 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was mainly derived from the operating expenses of professional
fees.
Liquidity and Capital
Resources
As of December 31, 2024 and
2023, we cash and cash equivalents of $0, respectively. The Company expects to obtain financing to meet our basic operating requirements
for the next twelve months.
Cash Flow from Operating
Activities
Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $18,495 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $23,675 for the year
ended December 31, 2023, reflecting a decrease of $5,180. The decrease was primarily due to
higher accruals and other payables for professional fees.
Cash Flow from Investing
Activities
Net cash provided by investing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, was $0 and $0, respectively.
Cash Flow from Financing
Activities
Net cash generated from financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $18,495 as compared to net cash generated from financing activities of $23,675 for
the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting a decrease of $5,180. The decrease was due to
lower amounts of advances from our sole officer and director, Zhou Xuan.
We do not currently engage
in any business activities that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring costs in connection
with investigating, evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating an acquisition of
an operating business.
Given our limited capital
resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company or is
otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets or is an established
business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and needs additional capital. Alternatively, a business combination may involve
the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets.
As of the date of this Report,
our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential business combination. Any
target business that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such event, we expect to be subject
to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity. In addition, we may affect
a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our management has limited experience,
and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that
we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks.
Critical accounting estimates
Use of estimates
In preparing these financial
statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets
and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company will consider
all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalent, if any. As of December
31, 2024, the Company has zero cash and cash equivalents.
21
Revenue recognition
The Company will assess and
follow the guidance of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and Revenue will be recognized using the following five steps:
1.
Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
2.
Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
3.
Determine the transaction price;
4.
Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
5.
Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
The Company generated zero
revenue during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Income taxes
The Company followed the
liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this method, deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to be reversed. The Company recorded
a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely-than-not that some
portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in
tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate.
The Company accounted for
uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax benefit recognized in accordance
with ASC 740 are classified in the statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense.
Earnings (Loss) per share
The Company computes earnings
per share (“EPS”) in accordance with ASC Topic 260, “Earnings per share”. Basic EPS is measured as the income
or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar
to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options,
and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Any potential common
shares in 2024 and 2023 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded
from the calculation of diluted EPS.
Related party transaction
A related party is generally
defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company’s securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company’s
management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv)
anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related
party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.
Transactions involving related
parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm’s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were
consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.
Recent accounting pronouncements
The Company has reviewed
all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements
may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.
Going Concern
The independent registered
public accounting firm auditors’ report accompanying our December 31, 2024 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph
expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared “assuming
that we will continue as a going concern,” which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments
in the ordinary course of business.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
As of December 31, 2024,
we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to our stockholders.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The financial statements
required by this item are in PART IV of this Annual Report.
22
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
The disclosure with respect
to the change in our independent accountants required under this section was previously reported as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 22, 2025. As previously reported, there were no disagreements or any reportable events to disclose.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and
Procedures
Disclosures Control and
Procedures
Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company’s sole director, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures
that:
●
Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
●
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
●
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of
the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design safeguards into the process to reduce, though not eliminate, this
risk.
As of December 31, 2024,
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s
management concluded that, during the period covered by this Report, internal controls and procedures over financial reporting were not
effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that
adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.
Identified Material
Weaknesses
A material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood
that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected.
Management identified the
following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
1.
We do not have an Audit Committee – While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management’s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company’s financial statement. Currently the Chief Executive Officer and Director act in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management’s activities.
2.
We do not have Written Policies & Procedures – Due to lack of written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting, the Company did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions and thus failed to properly record the Private Placement or disclose such transactions in its SEC filings in a timely manner.
3.
We did not implement appropriate information technology controls – As of December 31, 2024, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company’s data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors.
Accordingly, the Company
concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company’s internal controls.
As a result of the material
weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by COSO.
23
Management’s Remediation Initiatives
In an effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the
following series of measures:
1.
We plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. The accounting personnel is responsible for reviewing the financing activities, facilitate the approval of the financing, record the information regarding the financing, and submit SEC filing related documents to our legal counsel in order to comply with the filing requirements of SEC.
2.
We plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions.
3.
We intend to add staff members to our management team to make sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed and submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required, and the staff members will have segregated responsibilities regarding these responsibilities.
We anticipate that these
initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the end of fiscal year 2024.
Changes in internal controls
over financial reporting
There was no change in our
internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Report, which has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting, except that we have hired outside consultant to
remediate our material weakness in lack of accounting and finance personnel with technical knowledge in SEC rules and regulations.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Our executive officer’s
and director’s and his respective ages as of the date hereof are as follows:
NAME
AGE
POSITION
Zhou Xuan
50
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director
Set forth below is a brief
description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five years.
Zhou Xuan – Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director
Mr. Zhou Xuan, who is 50
years old, graduated from a secondary school in China in July 1993. He is the president,
Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director of the Company.
Mr. Zhou founded
his own company called Guangdong Guochun International Trade Limited focusing on commodity trading in China from September 2016 to April
2022. He served as the Chairman of the company and was responsible for the leadership, the formulation of marketing strategy and resource
integration, while also participated in the company’s financial and accounting works.
Starting
from April 2022, he founded Guochun Internet Technology Holding (Hangzhou) Limited, focusing on e-commercial and offline product sales.
He served as the Chairman of the company is responsible for the company management, financial and accounting, marketing strategy and daily
operation.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships,
or other arrangements or understandings between or among any of the director or executive officer.
Board Committees
Our Company currently does
not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written
nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Sole Director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this
time, because the Sole Director can adequately perform the functions of such committees.
24
Audit Committee Financial Expert
Our Sole Director has determined
that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of
Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as “independent” as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of
Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules.
Audit committee financial
expert means a person who has the following attributes:
1.
An understanding of generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements;
2.
Experience applying such generally accepted accounting principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals, and reserves that are generally comparable to the estimates, accruals and reserves, if any, used in the registrant’s financial statements;
3.
Experience preparing or auditing financial statements that present accounting issues that are generally comparable to those raised by the registrant’s financial statements;
4.
Experience with internal controls and procedures for financial reporting; and
5.
An understanding of audit committee functions.
Currently, our Company does
not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on its Sole Director
because given the early stage of our business development, it is costly to retain an independent Director who qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert. However, we expect, in the foreseeable future, to form such a committee composed of our non-employee directors. We may
in the future attempt to add a qualified board member to serve as an audit committee financial expert in the future, subject to our ability
to locate and compensate such a person. The audit committee’s duties will be to recommend to our Company’s Sole Director the
engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our Company’s financial statements and to review our Company’s
accounting and auditing principles.
Corporate Governance
The Company promotes accountability
for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports
and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and in other public communications
made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company’s employees, officers and Directors as the Company
is not required to do so.
In lieu of an Audit Committee,
the Company’s Sole Director, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors,
reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company’s financial statements and other services provided
by the Company’s independent public accountants. The Sole Director, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company review the Company’s internal accounting controls, practices and policies.
Code of Ethics
We have not adopted a formal
Code of Ethics. The Sole Director evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that since the business
has not operated, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical
guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future, we may take action to adopt a formal Code of
Ethics.
Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings
To our knowledge, there are
no material proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has
a material interest adverse to the Company.
Shareholder Proposals
Our Company does not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for the Board of Directors. The
Sole Director believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for
the election of nominees to the Board of Directors, and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.
The Sole Director will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or
appointment.
A shareholder who wishes
to communicate with our Sole Director may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President, at the address appearing on
the first page of this Information Statement.
SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act requires our executive officers and sole director, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, to file reports
regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies
of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations by our officers and
sole director regarding his compliance with applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that
all Section 16(a) filing requirements for our executive officers, sole director and 10% stockholders were met during the year ended December
31, 2024.
25
ITEM 11. COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR
The following table sets
forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the executive officers who served at the end of the
year December 31, 2024, for services rendered in all capacities to us.
Summary Compensation Table
Name and Principle Position
Period
Salary
($)
Bonus
($)
Stock Awards ($)
Option Awards
($)
Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings
($)
All Other Compensation ($)
Total
($)
Zhou Xuan, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director
For the year ended December 31, 2024
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Zhou Xuan, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director
For the year ended December 31, 2023
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We do not pay our sole director
any fees or other compensation for acting as director. We have not paid any fees or other compensation to any of our directors for acting
as directors to date.
Narrative Disclosure to
Summary Compensation Table
There are no arrangements
or plans in which we provide pensions, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our Sole Director and executive
officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit-sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options
may be granted at the discretion of our Board of Directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration
received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment (as a
result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control.
Stock Option Grants
We have not granted any stock
options to our executive officers since our incorporation.
Employment Agreements
We do not have an employment
or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors.
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Director Compensation
Our Sole Director does not
currently receive any consideration for his services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in
the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards,
if granted, shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors.
Executive Compensation Philosophy
Our Sole Director determines
the compensation given to our executive officers in his sole determination. Our Sole Director reserves the right to pay our executive
or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer’s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our
long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Sole Director has not granted any performance base stock options to date, the Sole
Director reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants would be
in the best interests of the Company.
Incentive Bonus
The Sole Director may grant
incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Sole Director believes such
bonuses are in the Company’s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of
revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives.
Long-term, Stock Based Compensation
In order to attract, retain
and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company’s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any
future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Sole Director, which we do not
currently have any immediate plans to award.
26
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
As of December 31, 2024,
the Company has 3,870,600 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock
have been used throughout this report.
The following table sets
forth, as of December 31, 2024 certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company’s common stock
by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company’s common stock, (ii)
each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of the Company
as a group:
Title of Class
Name of
Shareholder
Amount and
Nature of
Shareholder
Ownership
Percent
of Class
Common Stock
Zhou Xuan (1), (2)
3,000,000
77.5
%
(1)
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of December 31, 2024 (3,870,600 shares), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares.
(2)
Based on the total issued and outstanding shares of 3,870,600 as of December 31, 2024.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
On June 27, 2022, as a result
of a private transactions, 3,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the "Shares") of Guochun International
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), were transferred from Gediminas Knyzelis to Zhou Xuan (the “Purchaser”).
As a result, the Purchaser became holders of approximately 77.5% of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the
Company and became the controlling shareholder. The consideration paid for the Shares was $350,000. The source of the cash consideration
for the Shares was personal funds of the Purchaser. In connection with the transaction, Gediminas Knyzelis released the Company from all
debts owed to him.
Due to our sole director
mainly consists of borrowings for working capital purpose, the balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During
the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company borrowed $45,528 and $27,033, respectively, from our sole director, Zhou Xuan.
Review, Approval and Ratification of Related
Party Transactions
Given our small size and
limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions,
such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal
policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions
will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Director(s), or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving
forward basis, our Sole Director will continue to approve any related party transaction.
Director Independence
Our board of director is
currently composed of one member, Zhou Xuan, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing
requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director
is not, and has not been, for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members
has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of director has not made a subjective determination
as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of director, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had
our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the
directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and
our management.
27
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES
The following table sets
forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years indicated.
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
For the year ended December 31,
2024
2023
Audit Fees(1)
$
10,000
$
10,500
Audit-Related Fees(2)
-
-
Tax Fees(3)
1,000
1,000
All Other Fees(4)
-
-
Total
$
11,000
$
11,500
(1)
This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years.
(2)
This category consists of fees for assurance and related services by our independent registered public accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under “Audit Fees.” The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.
(3)
This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.
(4)
This category consists of fees for services provided by our independent registered public accountants other than the services described above.
All of the professional services
rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our Sole Director.
All above audit services
were pre-approved by the Sole Director for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act (HFCAA)
Our common stock may be prohibited
from trading on a national exchange or “over-the-counter” markets under the HFCAA if the PCAOB determines it is unable to
inspect or investigate completely our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S.
Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“AHFCAA”), which, if signed into law, would amend
the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer’s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not
subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years.
Pursuant to the HFCAA, the
PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered
public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China and (2) Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB’s report identified the specific
registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations.
Our auditor, MICHAEL GILLESPIE
& ASSOCIATES, PLLC (“Michael”), an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in Vancouver, Washington,
the U.S., and Michael is a firm registered with the PCAOB and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the
PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional standards. Michael has been subject to PCAOB inspections and
is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB’s determination
on December 16, 2021 of having been unable to inspect or investigate completely.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the future, if it is determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there is any regulatory
change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit Michael to provide audit documentations located in China or Hong Kong to the
PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject to the HFCAA, as the
same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely
inspected or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China that prevents the PCAOB from
regularly evaluating our auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our financial
statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital
markets and trading of our securities, including trading on the national exchange and trading on “over-the-counter” markets,
may be prohibited under the HFCAA. See “Risk Factors — Our shares may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive years
if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act becomes law; and the delisting of our shares, or the threat of their being
delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment” and “Risk Factors — Newly
enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, recent regulatory actions taken by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, and proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq calling for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to China-based public
companies could add uncertainties to our capital raising activities and compliance costs” for more information.
28
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report
(1) All Financial Statements
The financial statements
as listed in the accompanying “Index to Financial Statements” are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(2) Financial Statement Schedules
All financial statement schedules
have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K.
(b) Exhibits
The following exhibits are
filed or “furnished” herewith:
3.1
Articles of Incorporation
3.2
Bylaws
31.1
Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer
32.1
Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer
101.INS
Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
29
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
(Name of Registrant)
Date: July 22,
2025
By:
/s/ Zhou Xuan
Zhou Xuan
Title:
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director
30
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Page
Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 6108)
F-2
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5686)
F-3
Balance Sheets
F-4
Statements of Operations
F-5
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
F-6
Statements of Cash Flows
F-7
Notes to Financial Statements
F-8
F-1
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To: The Board of Directors
and Stockholders of Guochun International Inc.
Opinion on the Financial
Statements
We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Guochun International Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Guochun International Inc. as of December 31, 2024 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Explanatory Paragraph
– Going Concern
The accompanying financial
statements referred to above have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
the financial statements, the Company’s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern. Management’s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters.
/s/ MICHAEL GILLESPIE
& ASSOCIATES, PLLC
MICHAEL
GILLESPIE & ASSOCIATES, PLLC
We served as the Company’s
auditor Since 2024.
Vancouver, Washington, the U.S.
July 22, 2025
F-2
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To: The Board of Directors
and Stockholders of Guochun International Inc. (Former name: Charmt, Inc.)
Opinion on the Financial
Statements
We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Guochun International Inc. (Former name: Charmt, Inc.) (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023 and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Guochun International Inc. (Former name: Charmt, Inc.) as of December 31, 2023 and the results
of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Explanatory Paragraph
– Going Concern
The accompanying financial
statements referred to above have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
the financial statements, the Company’s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern. Management’s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters.
/s/ Kirtane & Pandit
LLP
Kirtane & Pandit LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 105215W/W100057
Anand Jog
Partner
Membership No. 108177
We have been appointed as
statutory auditors of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023. This is an initial audit engagement for us. The financial statements
of the Company for the previous fiscal year were audited by Michael T. Studer CPA, PC who has expressed an unqualified opinion on the
financial statements.
Pune, Republic of India
April 16, 2024
F-3
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
AND 2023
Expressed in United States
Dollars)
As
of December 31, 2024
As
of December 31, 2023
ASSETS
-
-
TOTAL ASSETS
$
-
$
-
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
$
9,084
$
994
Amount due to the sole officer and director
45,528
27,033
Total Current Liabilities
54,612
28,027
TOTAL LIABILITIES
54,612
28,027
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Common stock, $0.001 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized; 3,870,600 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively
3,871
3,871
Additional paid-in capital
76,646
76,646
Accumulated deficit
(135,129)
(108,544)
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
(54,612)
(28,027)
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
$
-
$
-
See accompanying notes to
the financial statements.
F-4
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed in United States
Dollars)
For
the year ended December 31, 2024
For
the year ended December 31, 2023
REVENUE
$
-
$
-
OPERATING EXPENSES
Professional fees
26,585
22,926
Other general and administrative expenses
-
21
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES
26,585
22,947
OPERATING LOSS
(26,585)
(22,947)
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)
-
-
LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX
(26,585)
(22,947)
INCOME TAX EXPENSE
-
-
NET LOSS
$
(26,585)
$
(22,947)
Net loss per common share - Basic and diluted
$
(0.01)
$
(0.01)
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – Basic and diluted
3,870,600
3,870,600
See accompanying notes to
the financial statements.
F-5
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed in United States
Dollars)
COMMON STOCK
ADDITIONAL PAID-IN
CAPITAL
ACCUMULATED DEFICIT
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
Number of
shares
Amount
Balance as of December 31, 2022
3,870,600
$
3,871
$
76,646
$
(85,597)
$
(5,080)
Net loss
-
-
-
(22,947)
(22,947)
Balance as of December 31, 2023
3,870,600
$
3,871
$
76,646
$
(108,544)
$
(28,027)
Net loss
-
-
-
(26,585)
(26,585)
Balance as of December 31, 2024
3,870,600
$
3,871
$
76,646
$
(135,129)
$
(54,612)
See accompanying notes to
financial statements
F-6
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed in United States
Dollars)
For
the year ended December 31, 2024
For
the year ended December 31, 2023
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net loss
$
(26,585)
$
(22,947)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
8,090
(728)
Net cash used in operating activities
(18,495)
(23,675)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Advances from the former sole officer and director
18,495
23,675
Net cash provided by financing activities
18,495
23,675
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
-
-
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year
-
-
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR
$
-
$
-
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
Income taxes paid
$
-
$
-
Interest paid
$
-
$
-
See accompanying notes to
the financial statements
F-7
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed in United States
Dollars)
1. ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND
Guochun International
Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 2, 2018. To June 27, 2022, the Company was developing
a messenger application. It was being designed to provide a chance to alter the speaker’s voice while talking with other people
and full functionality of similar messaging apps. The Company intended to develop and publish mobile applications on the iOS, Google Play,
Amazon and Ethereum platforms. The Company intended to generate revenues through the sale of branded advertisements and via consumer transactions,
including in-app purchases. The management of the Company planned to distribute the application all over the world using various platforms.
On June 27,
2022, Gediminas Knyzelis, the Company’s former sole officer and director and majority stockholder, sold 3,000,000 shares of Company
common stock (representing 77.5% of the 3,870,600 shares of common stock issued and outstanding at June 27, 2022) to ZHOU XUAN. In connection
therewith, Gediminas Knyzelis resigned as officer and director of the Company and ZHOU XUAN consented to act as the Company’s chief
executive officer, chief financial officer, and director. Also, Gediminas Knyzelis agreed to waive the $76,535 amount due to him at June
27, 2022 and the Company agreed to assign the software acquired by the Company on March 17, 2022 to Gediminas Knyzelis.
As a result
of the ownership and management changes described above, the Company has ceased its former business plans and is now searching for business
opportunities to acquire.
2. GOING
CONCERN UNCERTAINTY
The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had cash of $0 and
negative working capital of $54,612. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company had no revenues and generated a net loss of $26,585. These
factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company`s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management anticipates
that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.
The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
3. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The accompanying
audited financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere
in the accompanying financial statements and notes.
Basis
of presentation
The financial
statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
The Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. The Company’s financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars.
Use of
estimates
In preparing
these financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the
balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Cash and
cash equivalents
The Company
will consider all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalent, if
any. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has
zero cash and cash equivalents.
Net Income
(Loss) per Common Share
Net income (loss)
per common share is computed pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 260, “Earnings Per Share”.
Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants.
There were no
potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the periods presented.
F-8
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL
INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed
in United States Dollars)
Revenue
recognition
The Company
will assess and follow the guidance of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and revenue will be recognized using the following
five steps:
1.
Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
2.
Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
3.
Determine the transaction price;
4.
Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
5.
Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
The Company
has not recognized any operating revenues during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Income
taxes
The Company
follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
Foreign
Currency
The Company’s
functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Transactions may occur in foreign currencies and management follows ASC 830, “Foreign
Currency Matters”. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate
prevailing at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at rates
of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction. Average monthly rates are used to translate revenues and expenses. Gains and
losses arising on translation or settlement of foreign currency denominated transactions or balances are included in the Statement of
Operations.
Related
party transaction
A related party
is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company’s securities and their immediate families, (ii) the
Company’s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company,
or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be
a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.
Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm’s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated.
Recent
accounting pronouncements
Certain accounting
pronouncements have been issued by the FASB and other standard setting organizations which are not yet effective and therefore have not
yet been adopted by the Company. The impact on the Company`s financial position and results of operations from adoption of these standards
is not expected to be material.
4. COMMON
STOCK
The Company
has 75,000,000, $0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized. On August 2, 2018, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock
to Gediminas Knyzelis (former sole officer and director of the Company) at $0.001 per share for $3,000. The payment for the shares, which
was due within 180 days upon the execution of the respective agreement, was collected on January 15, 2019.
From
February 6, 2020 to June 30, 2020, the Company sold a total of 870,600 shares of its common stock in its public offering to 29 investors
at a price of $0.025 per share for proceeds of $21,725.
On
June 27, 2022, as a result of a private transaction, 3,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the "Shares")
of Guochun International Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), were transferred from Gediminas Knyzelis to Zhou Xuan (the
“Purchaser”). As a result, the Purchaser became a holder of approximately 77.5% of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding
share capital of the Company and became the controlling shareholder. The consideration paid for the Shares was $350,000. The source of
the cash consideration for the Shares was personal funds of the Purchaser. In connection with the transaction, Gediminas Knyzelis released
the Company from all debts owed to him.
There were 3,870,600 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024.
F-9
GUOCHUN INTERNATIONAL
INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023
(Expressed
in United States Dollars)
5. INCOME
TAXES
For the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the income (loss) before income taxes was comprised of the following:
For
the year ended December 31, 2024
For
the year ended December 31, 2023
Tax jurisdictions from:
- United States
$
(26,585)
$
(22,947)
Loss before income tax
$
(26,585)
$
(22,947)
The provision
for income taxes consisted of the following:
For
the year ended December 31, 2024
For
the year ended December 31, 2023
Current:
$
$
- United States
-
-
Deferred:
- United States
-
-
Income tax expense
$
-
$
-
The Company
is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. The United States income tax rate
is 21%. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has a United States net operating loss carryforward of $54,819 which can be carried forward
to offset future taxable income. Based on management’s present assessment, the Company has not yet determined it to be more likely
than not that a deferred tax asset of $54,819 attributable to the future utilization of the $54,819 net operating loss carryforward will
be realized. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2024.
As of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, deferred tax assets consist of:
As
of December 31, 2024
As
of December 31, 2023
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards
- United States of America
$
54,819
$
22,794
Less: valuation allowance
(54,819)
(22,794)
Deferred tax assets
$
-
$
-
All tax periods are subject to examination by taxing
authorities.
Current United States income tax laws limit the amount
of loss available to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available
to offset future taxable income may be limited.
The Company has had no tax positions since inception.
6. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS
In July 22, 2025, the Company has obtained an amount of $12,867 as other payable from a non-related
party for operating use, that other payable is non-interest bearing with no-fixed repayment term, and due on demand.
F-10