NT 10-K
1
kashin_ext.htm
EXTENSION
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON D.C. 20549
FORM 12b-25
NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING
(Check One) ☒ Form 10-K     ☐ Form
20-F   ☐
Form 11-K    ☐ Form 10-Q    ☐ Form 10-D   ☐ Form N-CEN    ☐ Form N-CSR
For Period Ended:   April 30, 2025
☐ Transition Report on Form 10-K
☐ Transition Report on Form 20-F
☐ Transition Report on Form 11-K
☐ Transition Report on Form 10-Q
For the Transition Period Ended: ______________
Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing
Form. Please Print or Type.
Nothing in this form shall be construed to imply
that the Commission has verified any information contained herein.
If the notification relates to a portion of the filing checked above,
identify the Item(s) to which the notification relates:
PART I - REGISTRANT INFORMATION
Kashin, Inc.
Full Name of Registrant:
Former Name if Applicable
112 North Curry Street
Address of Principal Executive Office (Street and Number)
Carson City, Nevada 89703-4934
City, State, Zip Code
PART II - RULES 12b-25 (b) AND (c)
If the subject report could not be filed without unreasonable effort
or expense and the registrant seeks relief pursuant to Rule 12b-25(b), the following should be completed. (Check box if appropriate)
(a)
The reasons described in reasonable detail in Part III of this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable effort or expense;
☒
(b)
The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition report on Form 10-K, Form 20-F, 11-K or Form N-CEN or Form N-CSR, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifteenth calendar day following the prescribed due date; or the subject quarterly report of transition report on Form 10-Q or subject distribution report on Form 10-D, or portion thereof will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day following the prescribed due date; and
(c)
The accountant's statement or other exhibit required by Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.
PART III - NARRATIVE
State below in reasonable detail the reasons why Forms 10-K, 20-F,
11-K, 10-Q, 10-D, N-CEN, N-CSR, or the transition report or portion thereof could not be filed within the prescribed time period.
The Registrant is unable to file the subject report in a timely manner
because the Registrant was not able to complete timely its financial statements without unreasonable effort or expense.
PART IV - OTHER INFORMATION
(1) Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to this
notification:
Caren Currier
626
429-2780
(Name)
(Area Code)
(Telephone No.)
(2) Have all other periodic reports required under section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12 months or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s) been filed? If the answer is no, identify report(s). ☒ Yes ☐
No
(3) Is it anticipated that any significant change in results of operations
from the corresponding period for the last fiscal year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be included in the subject report
or portion thereof? ☐ Yes ☒ No
If so, attach an explanation of the anticipated change, both narratively
and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be made.
Kashin, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)
has caused this notification to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.
Date: July 15, 2025
By:
/s/ Daniel LaPointe
Name: Daniel LaPointe
Title: Chief Executive Officer
2