NT 10-K
1
napc_nt10k.htm
NAPC DEFENSE, INC. FORM NT 10-K
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM
12b-25
NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING
(Check one):
x
Form 10-K
o
Form 20-F
o
Form 11-K
o
Form 10-Q
o
Form 10-D
o
Form N-SAR
o
Form N-CSR
For Period Ended: April 30, 2025
o
Transition Report on Form 10-K
o
Transition Report on Form 20-F
o
Transition Report on Form 11-K
o
Transition Report on Form 10-Q
o
Transition Report on Form N-SAR
For the Transition Period Ended:
Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing
Form. Please Print or Type.
Nothing in this form shall be construed to imply
that the Commission has verified any information contained herein.
If the notification relates to a portion of the filing checked above, identify
the Item(s) to which the notification relates:
PART
I — REGISTRANT INFORMATION
Full Name of Registrant:
NAPC Defense, Inc.
Former Name if Applicable:
Treasure & Shipwreck Recovery, Inc.
Address of Principal Executive Office (Street and Number):
4910 Creekside Dr. Suite K
City, State and Zip Code:
Clearwater, FL 33760
PART
II — RULES 12b-25(b) AND (c)
If the subject report could not be filed without unreasonable
effort or expense and the registrant seeks relief pursuant to Rule 12b-25(b), the following should be completed. (Check box if appropriate)
⌧
(a)
The reason described in reasonable detail in Part
III of this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable effort or expense
(b)
The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition
report on Form 10-K, Form 20-F, Form 11-K, Form N-SAR or Form N-CSR, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifteenth calendar
day following the prescribed due date; or the subject quarterly report or transition report on Form 10-Q or subject distribution report
on Form 10-D, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day following the prescribed due date; and
(c)
The accountant's statement or other exhibit required by Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.
1
PART
III — NARRATIVE
State below in reasonable detail why Forms 10-K, 20-F,
11-K, 10-Q, 10-D, N-SAR, N-CSR, or the transition report or portion thereof, could not be filed within the prescribed time period.
NAPC Defense, Inc. (the
“Registrant”) was unable, without unreasonable effort or expense, to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
period ended April 30, 2025 (the “Annual Report”) by the July 29, 2025 filing date applicable to smaller reporting
companies due to a delay experienced by the Registrant in finalizing the presentation of the financial statements and subsequent
events in the Annual Report. As a result, the Registrant is still in the process of compiling required information to complete
the Annual Report and its independent registered public accounting firm requires additional time to complete its review of the
financial statements for the period ended April 30, 2025 to be incorporated in the Annual Report.  The
Registrant anticipates that it will file the Annual Report no later than the fifteenth calendar day following the prescribed filing
date.
PART
IV— OTHER INFORMATION
(1)
Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to this notification
Edward K. West
727
242-6272
(Name)
(Area Code)
(Telephone Number)
(2)
Have all other periodic reports required under Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12 months
or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s) been filed ? If answer is no, identify report(s).
Yes
x
No
o
(3)
Is it anticipated that any significant change in results
of operations from the corresponding period for the last fiscal year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be included in the
subject report or portion thereof?
Yes
o
No
x
If so: attach an explanation of the anticipated change,
both narratively and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be made.
NAPC DEFENSE, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)
has caused this notification to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.
Date
July 29, 2025
By
/s/ Edward K. West
Edward K. West
Chief Executive Officer
INSTRUCTION: The form may be signed by an executive
officer of the registrant or by any other duly authorized representative. The name and title of the person signing the form shall be typed
or printed beneath the signature. If the statement is signed on behalf of the registrant by an authorized representative (other than an
executive officer), evidence of the representative's authority to sign on behalf of the registrant shall be filed with the form.
ATTENTION
Intentional misstatements or omissions of fact constitute
Federal Criminal Violations (See 18 U.S.C. 1001).
2