true
FY
0001831979
0001831979
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001831979
SDST:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001831979
SDST:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member
2024-01-01
2024-12-31
0001831979
2024-12-31
0001831979
2025-07-10
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
iso4217:USD
xbrli:shares
xbrli:pure
SDST:Integer
utr:sqft
utr:T
UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM
10-K/A
Amendment
No. 1
(Mark
One)
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the transition period from to
Commission
file number: 001-39875
STARDUST
POWER INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
99-3863616
(State
or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
or organization)
(I.R.S.
Employer
Identification
Number)
15
E. Putnam Ave, Suite 378
Greenwich,
CT
06830
(Address
of principal executive offices)
(Zip
Code)
Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (800) 742-3095
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of Each Class:
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange on which registered:
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
SDST
The NASDAQ Global Market
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for
one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50
SDSTW
The NASDAQ Global Market
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐
No ☒
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer, “smaller
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large
accelerated filer
☐
Accelerated
filer
☐
Non-accelerated
filer
☒
Smaller
reporting company
☒
Emerging
growth company
☒
If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐
If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of December 31, 2024, the last business day of the
registrant’s most recently completed year end, was $38,684,080 (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant’s
common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date).
As
of July 10, 2025, there were 84,447,421 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding.
DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
None.
Auditor
Name
Auditor
Location
Auditor
Firm ID
KNAV
CPA LLP
Atlanta,
GA
2983
EXPLANATORY
NOTE
This
amended report on Form 10-K/A (the “Amendment”) amends the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stardust Power Inc. (the “Company”)
for the year ended December 31, 2024, initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 27,
2025 (the “Original Filing”), for the purpose of updating the disclosure in Item 9A “Controls and Procedures.”
The Original Filing inadvertently omitted (a) a statement disclosing the conclusions of the Company’s principal executive and principal
financial officers regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024 and
(b) management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, including as
to whether or not such internal control was effective, as of December 31, 2024. This Amendment corrects such omission and amends and
replaces Item 9A “Controls and Procedures” in its entirety.
Except
as described above, no other changes are being made to the Original Filing, and this Amendment consists only of the facing page, this
explanatory note, Item 9A “Controls and Procedures” and the signature page to the Amendment. Further, except as expressly
stated, this Amendment does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Filing or modify or update in any way any of
the other items or disclosures contained in the Original Filing, including, without limitation, the consolidated financial statements
and the related footnotes. Accordingly, this Amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original Filing and the Registrant’s
other filings with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Original Filing.
2
Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We
are required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the period ending December 31, 2024, and
thereafter. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an
emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act,
we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement.
Disclosure
controls are procedures with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act,
such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are designed with the objective of ensuring that information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the period presented.
Background
and Remediation of Material Weaknesses
During
the period from March 16, 2023 (inception) to December 31, 2023, the Company’s management identified material weaknesses in the
implementation of the COSO 13 Framework (which establishes an effective control environment), lack of segregation of duties and management
oversight, and control surrounding maintenance of adequate repository of contracts, appropriate classifications of expenses and complex
financial instruments. We designed and implemented measures to improve our controls over financial reporting process and remediated these
material weaknesses. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control report requirements will depend on the effectiveness of our
financial reporting controls across our Company. We expect these systems and controls to involve significant expenditures and may become
more complex as our business grows. To effectively manage this complexity, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial
and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. For more information, please refer to “Risk Factors - We
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses,
or if we experience additional material weaknesses or other deficiencies in the future, or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, which could result
in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
3
Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of our Company,
(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and
(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2024. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013). This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design
effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on that
assessment, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 and
our disclosure controls and procedures had no material weakness as of December 31, 2024. See “Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting”, below. Accordingly, our management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented.
This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.
Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Other
than the material weakness remediation efforts undertaken during the year, there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.
Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls
An
effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error overriding
of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent
limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of
human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
4
EXHIBIT
INDEX
Exhibit
No.
Description
31.1*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101
INS*
Inline
XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
the Inline XBRL document.
101
SCH*
Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101
CAL*
Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101
DEF*
Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101
LAB*
Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101
PRE*
Inline
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104*
Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).
*Filed herewith.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date:
July 11, 2025
STARDUST POWER INC.
By:
/s/ Roshan Pujari
Name:
Roshan Pujari
Title:
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman