NT 10-K
1
tm2519618d1_nt10k.htm
NT 10-K
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 12b-25
NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING
(Check
one):       x
Form 10-K        ¨
Form 20-F        ¨
Form 11-K        ¨
Form 10-Q        ¨
Form 10-D      ¨
Form N-SAR       ¨
Form N-CSR
For Period Ended:       March 31,
2025
¨ Transition
Report on Form 10-K
¨ Transition
Report on Form 20-F
¨ Transition
Report on Form 11-K
¨ Transition
Report on Form 10-Q
¨ Transition
Report on Form N-SAR
For the Transition Period Ended:
Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing
Form. Please Print or Type.
Nothing in this form shall
be construed to imply that the Commission has verified any information contained herein.
If the notification relates to a portion of the
filing checked above, identify the Item(s) to which the notification relates:
PART I — REGISTRANT INFORMATION
TechPrecision Corporation
Full Name of Registrant
Not Applicable
Former Name if Applicable
1 Bella Drive
Westminster, Massachusetts 01473
Address of Principal Executive
Office (Street and Number)
City, State and Zip Code
PART II — RULES 12b-25(b) AND (c)
If
the subject report could not be filed without unreasonable effort or expense and the registrant seeks relief pursuant to Rule 12b-25(b),
the following should be completed. (Check box if appropriate)
(a)
The reason described in reasonable detail in
Part III of this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable effort or expense
x
(b)
The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition
report on Form 10-K, Form 20-F, Form 11-K, Form N-SAR or Form N-CSR, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the
fifteenth calendar day following the prescribed due date; or the subject quarterly report or transition report on Form 10-Q
or subject distribution report on Form 10-D, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day
following the prescribed due date; and
(c)
The accountant’s statement or other exhibit required
by Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.
PART III — NARRATIVE
State below in reasonable detail why Forms 10-K, 20-F,
11-K, 10-Q, 10-D, N-CEN, N-CSR, or the transition report or portion thereof, could not be filed within the prescribed time period.
TechPrecision Corporation (the “Company”)
is unable, without unreasonable effort or expense, to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2025 (the “Annual Report”) within the prescribed period due to a delay experienced by the Company in compiling the
required information with respect to the results of operations of its Stadco operating segment in order to complete its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures in the Annual Report. As a result, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm
requires additional time to complete its audit of the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025
to be included in the Annual Report. The Company anticipates that the consolidated financial statements and requisite audit will be completed
and the Annual Report finalized in order to file the Annual Report no later than 15 calendar days from the prescribed due date.
PART IV — OTHER INFORMATION
(1)Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to this notification
Phillip Podgorski
(978)
874-0591
(Name)
(Area Code)
(Telephone Number)
(2)Have
all other periodic reports required under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of
the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such report(s) been filed? If answer is no, identify report(s).                                                                                                                                                                                    Yes x           No ¨
(3)Is it anticipated that any significant change in results of operations from the corresponding period
for the last fiscal year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be included in the subject report or portion thereof?
Yes
x         No
¨
If so, attach an explanation of the anticipated
change, both narratively and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be
made.
The Company anticipates there will be significant
changes in results of operations from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. The Company expects to report that net sales for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 were approximately $34.0 million, compared to net sales of $31.6 million for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2024. The Company expects to report a gross profit of $4.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, compared
to gross profit of $4.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. The Company expects to report that selling, general and
administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 were approximately $6.5 million, compared to selling, general and
administrative expenses of $8.8 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.
All financial results for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2025 included above are preliminary, have not been reviewed or audited, are based upon the Company’s estimates, and
were prepared prior to the completion of the Company’s financial statement close process. The preliminary financial results should
not be viewed as a substitute for the Company’s full fiscal year results, do not present all information necessary for an understanding
of the Company’s financial performance as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and should not be considered final
until the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. During the course of the preparation
of the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, the Company may identify
items that could cause its final reported results to be materially different from the preliminary financial information set forth above.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on this preliminary data.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements
This Form 12b-25 contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations of forecasts of future events.
All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this filing, including statements regarding our preliminary
financial results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, expectations about the timing of
the completion of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and filing of its
Annual Report, integration of our segments into our financial reporting structure, our future financial position, business strategy,
new products, budgets, liquidity, cash flows, projected costs, regulatory approvals or the impact of any laws or regulations applicable
to us, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,”
“believe,” “continue,” “should,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
“may,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events.
While we believe these expectations are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties,
many of which are beyond our control. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements included in this filing are made only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation
to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of such statements to reflect future events
or developments.
TechPrecision Corporation
(Name of Registrant as Specified
in Charter)
has caused this notification to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: July 1, 2025
By:
/s/ Phillip Podgorski
Phillip Podgorski, Chief Financial Officer