NT 10-K
1
tikknt10k033125.htm
FORM NT 10-K
UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON D.C. 20549
FORM
12b-25
NOTIFICATION OF LATE FILING
(Check One) ☒
Form 10-K ☐ Form 20-F ☐
Form 11-K ☐ Form 10-Q   ☐
Form 10-D ☐ Form N-CEN ☐
Form N-CSR
For Period Ended: March 31, 2025
☐Transition Report on Form 10-K
☐Transition Report on Form 20-F
☐Transition Report on Form 11-K
☐Transition Report on Form 10-Q
For the Transition Period Ended: ________________________
Read Instruction (on back page) Before Preparing
Form. Please Print or Type.
Nothing in this form shall be construed to imply
that the Commission has verified any information contained herein.
If the notification relates to a portion of the
filing checked above, identify the Item(s) to which the notification relates:
PART I - REGISTRANT INFORMATION
TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP.
Full Name of Registrant:
Former Name if Applicable
One Branca Road
Address of Principal Executive Office (Street and Number)
East Rutherford, New Jersey 07073
City, State, Zip Code
PART II - RULES 12b-25 (b) AND (c)
If the subject report could not be filed without
unreasonable effort or expense and the registrant seeks relief pursuant to Rule 12b-25(b), the following should be completed. (Check box
if appropriate)
(a)
The reasons described in reasonable detail in Part III of this form could not be eliminated without unreasonable effort or expense;
☒
(b)
The subject annual report, semi-annual report, transition report on Form 10-K, Form 20-F, 11-K or Form N-CEN or Form N-CSR, or portion thereof, will be filed on or before the fifteenth calendar day following the prescribed due date; or the subject quarterly report of transition report on Form 10-Q or subject distribution report on Form 10-D, or portion thereof will be filed on or before the fifth calendar day following the prescribed due date; and
(c)
The accountant’s statement or other exhibit required by Rule 12b-25(c) has been attached if applicable.
PART III - NARRATIVE
State below in reasonable detail the reasons why
Forms 10-K, 20-F, 11-K, 10-Q, 10-D, N-CEN, N-CSR, or the transition report or portion thereof could not be filed within the prescribed
time period.
The Registrant has been unable to complete
preparation and to file its Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, without unreasonable effort and expense due to
unavoidable delays in gathering information required for the Form 10-K and allow time for audit committee review. It is anticipated
that the Form 10-K Annual Report will be filed on or before the 15th calendar day following the prescribed due date of the
Registrant’s Form 10-K. (Liquidity disclosures are still being evaluated and worked on related to the fiscal year end CPA
audit)
PART IV - OTHER INFORMATION
(1)
Name and telephone number of person to contact in regard to this notification:
Jeffrey C. O’Hara
201
933-1600
(Name)
(Area Code)
(Telephone No.)
(2)
Have all other periodic reports required under section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report(s) been filed? If the answer is no, identify report(s).
☒ Yes ☐ No
(3)
Is it anticipated that any significant change in results of operations from the corresponding period for the last fiscal year will be reflected by the earnings statements to be included in the subject report or portion thereof?
☐Yes ☒  No
If so, attach an explanation of the anticipated
change, both narratively and quantitatively, and, if appropriate, state the reasons why a reasonable estimate of the results cannot be
made.
2
TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)
has caused this notification to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.
Date: July 1, 2025
By:
/s/ Pauline X. Romeo
Name:
Pauline X. Romeo
Title:
Principal Accounting Officer
INSTRUCTION: The form may be signed by an executive
officer of the registrant or by any other duly authorized representative. The name and title of the person signing the form shall be typed
or printed beneath the signature. If the statement is signed on behalf of the registrant by an authorized representative (other than an
executive officer), evidence of the representative’s authority to sign on behalf of the registrant shall be filed with the form.
Attention
Intentional misstatements or omissions of fact
constitute Federal Criminal Violations (See 18 U.S.C. 1001).
3